	Robot Call						
Scenario 1:	I'm better than you.						
Scenario 2:							
Scenario 3:							
							
Scenario	Round 1 Ability	Round 2 Ability	Round 3 Ability	Call Blurb	Call	Response Blurb	Response 
1	Pull			Act powerful	If you knew who you just bumped into, you would realize the mistake you've made. 	Demean her	You DARE you open your mouth to me? Hmph. Fool.
1	Pull			Dominate her	How do you plan on repaying me for bumping into me? Do you want to lick my boots or something?	Dominate her	Fool. You'll regret the day you made an enemy out of me.
1	Pull			Demand respect	How dare you get near me, I'll tell you when you're allowed to touch me. 	Demand respect	Do you even comprehend the different ways I could make your life hell?
1	Pull			Act superior	If you apologize to me now, I promise I won't make the rest of your year a living hell.	Dominate her	You think you can speak to ME like that? I'm going to have to tie you down.
1	Pull			Dismiss her	Hmph. I don't know why I even know why I'm wasting my breath on you.	Dismiss her	Huh? Did you say something? I don't listen to people so far beneath me. 
1	Pull			Demean her	Fool, I can already tell you're a waste of space...and life.	Demand respect	You DARE talk to me like that!  You have no idea how big of a mistake you just made.
1	Pull			Demand respect	Did you really just bump into me? Back off. I am a boot, you're the insect.	Dominate her	Oh. I can't wait to make you cry and taste that sweet, sweet suffering. 
1	Pull			Dominate her	What kind of trash am I even looking at? What's the brand of your dress, Tall Kitchen?	Demand respect	Perfect. I was looking for some scum to make an example of.
1	Pull			Dismiss her	I know my power is blinding, fool, but you should watch where you're going. 	Dominate her	Oh, this is going to be fun. I can't wait to hear you beg for mercy.
1	Pull			Dominate her	If you were going to talk to me, you should have stayed on the floor where you belong. 	Dominate her	Watch your tone, or I'll watch it for you. I think it's time to teach you a lesson.
1	Pull			Demean her	I know, standing in my presence is enthralling, but don't you have somewhere else you should be?	Act powerful	I'm so glad you said that, I've been dying for a reason to put someone under my boot.
1	Pull			Demand respect	Oh look, the lead insect, come to represent the bugs.	Demean her	HA! You say that like I don't have bugs more interesting than you under my boot.
1	Shield			Act aloof	Ugh, I really don't feel like talking to you. I'm already bored.	Troll her	What's that annoying sound? Sounds like a dying cat. Oh. You're talking.
1	Shield			Act aloof	Who are you again? Wait...no. I don't care.	Be done with her	I declare that everything you're saying is stupid.
1	Shield			Be scornful	My instinct is to be mean to you right now....bitch.	Be done with her	Why is this happening, I really don't care who you are.
1	Shield			Be snide	Can you watch where you're going? How have you made it this far in life without being hit by a car?	Troll her	You call that an insult? Ha. Git gud, scrublord.
1	Shield			Be snarky	This is how you dress on the first day of school? God help us all.	Be snarky to her	Ha. Ha. Ha. Do you see how much I'm laughing? You're hysterical. A riot.
1	Shield			So done with her	Can you at least TRY to pretend you're watching where you walk? Fuck.	UGH	Ugh, I can't believe I have to punch you now. But your face IS annoying.
1	Shield			Sarcastic AF	Oh wow, look, you're talking to me. Joy of joys.  -___-	Troll her	U mad, baby girl? ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)
1	Shield			So Done With Her	Ugh, your whole, like, aura just annoys me. Go away.	Be snarky to her	Is there an off button with you? Can I mute you or something?
1	Shield			So done with her	No! You ruined it! Now I HAVE to know you exist. Ugh. Kill me, please.	UGH	Ugh, why are you talking to me? Can you just go away? Omg, am I going to have to fight you?
1	Shield			So done with her	I really don't feel like wasting my time with you. Can you just disappear? Die? Something?	Be snarky to her	Oh wow. Now you're talking to me. It's my lucky day. Here let me show you something in my locker.
1	Shield			So Done With Her	I already hated this school, did you HAVE to make things worse by talking to me?	UGH	Everything you just said lowered the collective IQ of this school. May god have mercy on your soul.
1	Shield			Troll her	If you're going to address me, please use "Thou" "Ustedes" "Vous" "Sie" or "您"	Be done with her	You're not the brightest bulb in the knife drawer are you. Here, let me knock some sense into you.
2	Pull	Shield		Be snarky	You're not worthy enough to sit next to Hot Pot. Go sit in the mystery meat or something.	So done with her	Ugh, you're so pathetic, I don't even know why I'm wasting my time on you. Let's get this over with.
2	Pull	Wallop		Grandstand	If you don't back off of Hot Pot, I will flick you into the depths of hell and watch you burn.	Grandstand	Fool, you're going to regret this SO much. I'll be famous after I Instagram my victory.
2	Pull	Sing		Cause a scene	You want to sit next to Hot Pot? You DARE? NO. You think you they want you? HA. That's cute.	Cause a scene	Oh, REALLY? Okay. BACK OFF PEOPLE. I'm about to shove this girl's head into some soup.
2	Pull	Fireball		Throw shade	Oh look how cute you are, trying to sit next to Hot Pot. You're so regular, you think you have a shot?	Throw Shade	You're laughable. And you'll be hilarious after I shave your eyebrows while your under my boot.
2	Pull	Lunge		Tell her to back off	Accept that you're not worthy. Hot Pot is mine and if I ever see you near them again I will eat your face.	Be super aggressive	What the fuck did you just say to me you little fucking bitch? I'll have you know Hot Pot's mine.
2	Pull	Blink		Prank Her	The seat next to Hot Pot is covered in poison. Only I have the antidote. Do you sit there? Choose.	Prank Her	If you open your locker for books, you will release a toxic gas. Is education worth you life? Choose.
2	Shield	Pull		Call her pathetic	Ugh, first you talk to me, but now Hot Pot? Maybe you can smell their seat after they leave.	Act powerful	Okay, I'm done. I'm bored now. I think it's time to stop playing and show you my true power.
2	Shield	Wallop		I'm a star	Oh great, you're here again. I'll take a Grande Soy Latte with an extra shot of espresso and two sugars.	Disrespect her	It's cute that you think you're special, when you're so boring. I'm def going to instagram this.
2	Shield	Sing		Cause a scene	UGH. Why are you even here. Can you just not exist? You make my eyes bleed. That could be cool.	Make it about you	Whenever you talk all I hear is this shrill white noise. I'm going to start calling you tinnitus. Cute right?
2	Shield	Fireball		Be insincere 	Ugh, are you following me? If you want to be like me you should at least copy my swag.	Spread rumors	Uggghhhh, you must really want me to spread some new rumors. You give me SO much material.
2	Shield	Lunge		Be direct	Your face is stupid, your hair is bad, you're just awful. Hot Pot will hate you.	Threaten with violence	Yawn. Okay. Whatever. You won't be smiling like that after I knock out a tooth or two.
2	Shield	Blink		Prank Her	You think Hot Pot wants to sit next to you? They won't be able to resist my pigeon costume. CAWW!	Wild Card!	What did you say? I was listening to the owls debate the merits of Reuben vs Rachel sandwiches.
3	Pull	Shield	Wallop	Laugh at her	It's pathetic the way you try to copy me, really. But you'll never reach my level of perfection.	Gloat	"Meh meh, my name is stupid and I'm a pathetic excuse for a person." That's my impression of you.
3	Pull	Shield	Sing	Act appalled	Oh. My. God. Is your brain so small that you can't have an original idea? What's your trauma!	Cause a scene	Ugh, HERE WE GO AGAIN. I've had enough of you. LET'S JUST END THIS ALREADY. GOSH.
3	Pull	Shield	Fireball	Throw shade	Ugh, it's YOU again. Don't you have anything better to do than follow me around? Pathetic.	Done spreading rumors	My boot hasn't worked. My snark hasn't either. I think it's time to be petty and just rip your hair out.
3	Pull	Shield	Lunge	Call her out	Okay, you fucking insect. I've had to actually CARE because of you. I'm SO done.	Be direct	Ha. Like I would want any of your shitty ideas. Come here, let me just kick your ass already.
3	Pull	Shield	Blink	Prank Her	I thought I told you to stay away from Hot Pot. How will you pay for your crime? Let's play a game...	Prank Her	Your statue has been covered in razor wire and glitter. Clean it, and you will bleed. Make your choice.
3	Pull	Wallop	Shield	Be snarky	Oh, cute, did you try to copy me? Maybe if you throw that in the trash it'll look better.	Be like, ugh	Yap yap yap. When my instagram fans see this they'll see how pathetic you really are.
3	Pull	Wallop	Sing	Act appalled	Oh. Mon. Dieu. It is PATHETIC. DESPICABLE. The way you copy moi! You're too much, daahling.	Draw attention	How...WHAT? HOW DARE YOU. I..I AM A GODDESS KNEEL BEFORE ME.
3	Pull	Wallop	Fireball	Insult clothes	If you wanted to copy me this much, you could have tried dressing better a long time ago.	Annoy her	Hahaha! To think I would ever lower myself to copying you. So cute!
3	Pull	Wallop	Lunge	Lose your shit	I'm going to shave off your eyebrows and feed them to you, and it's going to go viral. #BrowDownToMe	Threaten her	For what you've said I'll make you, your parents, your neighbors, this world PAY. TIME TO DIE.
3	Pull	Wallop	Blink	Prank Her	Ex-SQUEEZE me. Did you steal my statue? I'm gonna have to pie you for your transgressions.	Prank Her	I will stream the video live as you are placed in a room, chained to a wall, with only a hacksaw.
3	Pull	Sing	Shield	Be snide	WHY. Ugh, I thought I was done with you and now you're back to steal my ideas? That's sad.	So done with her	Really? Can I just like, kill you to make you go away? Hot Pot is pretty much mine already.
3	Pull	Sing	Wallop	Be Shakespearean	Alas, on this day when thou copiest me, twas thy end. Translation: I'm going to bury you. 	Be Shakespearean 	THY WORDS ARE FALSE. Thou knowest the truth. In plain English: you're an unoriginal fuck wizard.
3	Pull	Sing	Fireball	Give disingenuous advice	Fool, if you copy me forever, MAYBE you'll be slightly less trashy than you are now. Good luck.	Backhanded compliment	You think I copied you? Ha! That's too much, you're a riot. It's good you're funny. 
3	Pull	Sing	Lunge	Threaten murder	OHMYGOD!!! I WILL END YOUR LIFE FOR COPYING ME. DIG YOU UP, AND KILL YOU AGAIN!!!	Threaten existence	I'm going to time travel back in time and castrate your father. HOW DO YOU LIKE THEM APPLES?
3	Pull	Sing	Blink	Prank Her	YOU...STOLE..MY...STATUE?! I am going to lock you up and hide the key IN YOUR SPLEEN. 	Wild Card!	I guess I have to teach you a lesson about where you belong...WITH THE GROUND.
3	Pull	Fireball	Shield	Be sarcastic	Your statue is just as pathetic as you. Did you make it out of mashed potatoes and tears? Such talent. 	SO done	Oh, heheh, are you upset at all the rumors I spread? Sorry not sorry. I'll try to be more direct now.
3	Pull	Fireball	Wallop	Be high cultured	That poor chiseling, the unpolished veneer, what a crude attempt at copying my masterpiece. 	Swag attack	Really? I copied you? Your work is so juvenile. So pathetic. Just like your crush on Hot Pot. 
3	Pull	Fireball	Sing	Annoy her	Aw, did the poor wittle baby try copying big girl art? Is okay, Hot Pot may get a chuckle out of it.	Be overdramatic 	EW! I knew my rumors were true. Your breath IS like 1000 razor blades from hell on my perfect skin.
3	Pull	Fireball	Lunge	Flip the fuck out	YOU COPIED ME!? I WILL TELL EVERYONE. AND THEN I WILL WEAR YOUR EARS AS CHARMS.	Flip the fuck out	HOW DARE YOU SAY THAT TO ME. YOU'RE NOT CUTE ANYMORE. YOU'RE JUST DEAD.
3	Pull	Fireball	Blink	Prank Her	If you're going to steal my ideas, you're going to have to live with finding dead fish in your car.	Prank Her	Your transgressions made you prideful and weak. Today we will learn how deep that weakness goes.
3	Pull	Lunge	Shield	So done with her	YOU STOLE MY WORK? Why can't you just accept that you're an inferior being. Just die, PLEASE?	So done with this	You're about to wake up a beast not seen for 1000 years...and it won't be happy.
3	Pull	Lunge	Wallop	Talk down to her	You're so far beneath me it's almost cute when you copy me. I'm still going to tear your eyes out.	Instagram this	I'm going to start an instagram album dedicated to my bootprint on your face. #AllAbootMe
3	Pull	Lunge	Sing	Cause a scene	YOU FUCKING CRETIN. FIRST you look at my Hot Pot. THEN you copy me? So sad.	Insult everything 	You little, disgusting, miniscule, barely-worth-my-time piss covered trashbag! You're done-zo.
3	Pull	Lunge	Fireball	Start rumors	Oh, it's the fucking insect again. Poaching ideas, now? I'll tell the whole school how pathetic you are.	Done with rumors	*claps hands* Perfect. Your pathetic attempts at wooing Hot Pot make me look even BETTER.
3	Pull	Lunge	Blink	Prank Her	For stealing my statue, I've devised a series of death traps. Will you survive them, or die. CHOOSE.	Go Nuts	You accuse ME, the clearly superior being? I'm going to pop you like the wart you are.
3	Pull	Blink	Shield	So done with her	You stole my statue, but did you steal the antidote for the poison in your system? Live or die, choose.	So done with her	I put a glitter bomb in your locker. If you disarm it, it will explode. Will you get your books? Choose.
3	Pull	Blink	Wallop	Grandstand	You copied me, but was it worth it? I will livestream as you choose to lose your hair or your eyebrows.	Brag	My followers are gonna be so happy to see me finally put you in your place the internet will break.
3	Pull	Blink	Sing	Stir up trouble	I PUT SUPER GLUE IN YOUR MAKEUP. You have 29 seconds before it dries. Admit your theft, or dry.	Make a scene	HEY EVERYONE. Who wants to watch me dunk this milk tart? Show her who's who?
3	Pull	Blink	Fireball	Be passive aggressive	You stole my statue, and now you must choose between fish or ants in your locker. Make your choice.	Be passive aggressive	Time to step up my game. Lockers? Gross food? Too good for you. Time to hit the GROUND.
3	Pull	Blink	Lunge	Threatened with violence	You chose to copy me, now you must choose between a punch from my left or right fist.	Threaten with violence	How about I knock you off the roof and back down to the ground where you belong?
3	Shield	Pull	Wallop	Gloat	You stole my work? Are you that dense? Haven't you seen my instagram? I'm gonna cross-fit a bitch.	Swag on her	"Blah blah blah, I want to die" is pretty much all I hear when you talk. My followers will love this.
3	Shield	Pull	Sing	Cause a scene	HEY. HA. THIS SCUM? YEAH. YOU. YOU STOLE MY IDEA, BUT YOU CAN'T STEAL MY TALENT.	Talk yourself up	OMG THAT'S SO RICH. Me? Steal YOUR idea? HOLY SHIT THAT'S AS FUNNY AS YOUR FACE.
3	Shield	Pull	Fireball	Start a rumor	Ugh, the bug again? This time stealing my idea? Fine. New rumor. Your eyebrows are fake.	Reveal rumors	I didn't steal your idea. I started enough rumors that I CONTROL your ideas. Inception, bitch.
3	Shield	Pull	Lunge	Threaten with violence	You stole my idea?! I can't wait to finally crush you under my boot and show Hot Pot my true power.	Threaten with violence	Your idea is worth nothing. That statue is trash. It's only good for smashing your face in. 
3	Shield	Pull	Blink	Prank Her	By taking my idea, you're implicitly telling me you WANT me to dress up as a clown and torture you.	Go Nuts	There's only one thing I want from you...and that's your demise. Spork it over.
3	Shield	Wallop	Pull	Demean her	Oh dear, a fan trying to imitate me. You're only good enough to oil my feet and worship me.	Demean her	Darling, you think you matter? You're not even a hashtag in my instagram album of Hot Pot.
3	Shield	Wallop	Sing	Cause a scene	I WILL CALL MY LAWYERS. THE D.A. THE MEN IN BLACK. You can't just steal ideas. It's gross.	Cause a scene	Ugh, Hot Pot deserves THE BEST, not some TRASH like you talking SHIT. Kay?
3	Shield	Wallop	Fireball	Talk yourself up	You want to steal my ideas? Fine. I expect royalties.	Be scornful	Accusing me of stealing? The only thing I've stolen is your dignity. Hopeless groupie.
3	Shield	Wallop	Lunge	Threaten with lawsuit	Copying my sculpture? I'll have my lawyers contact you and take everything you have. Then kill you.	Threaten lawsuit	Stole YOUR sculpture? I can't wait to go to court and shove that trash down your fucking throat.
3	Shield	Wallop	Blink	Wild Card!	Oh, you were stealing my ideas! THAT'S why it was so easy to sneak two beehives into your locker.	Wild Card!	Why would I still your idea, when I have great ones of my own? Come to the roof to check it out!
3	Shield	Sing	Pull	Demean her	Pitiful fool. Think you can copy me? OFF WITH HER HEAD! And bring me some cake.	Demean her	LOL I stole your idea? Hot Pot deserves the best, not a turd ferguson like you, so beneath me. 
3	Shield	Sing	Wallop	Be dismissive	Stealing my work? YAWN. I've had copycats before. You're nothing special and you'll die alone.	Be dismissive	Oh great. Another lunatic claiming my work? No time for lawyers, I'll just squash you now.
3	Shield	Sing	Fireball	Start rumor	Ugh. Stealing my idea? Okay, fine, watch and burn: HEY, EVERYONE, SHE RIPPED HER PANTS.	Stir up trouble	Fine, claim I stole your work. It won't matter when I break it over your FACE. God you're annoying.
3	Shield	Sing	Lunge	Tell her to GTFO	All I WANT is for YOU to get your OWN ideas. STAY AWAY FROM Hot Pot, and fucking die.	Threaten to punch her	YOU WANNA PLAY THE ACCUSING GAME? I ACCUSE MY FIST DOWN YOUR THROAT.
3	Shield	Sing	Blink	Wild Card!	OH MY GOD. You little thief. You know, Hot Pot won't like your statue after I GLUE BIRD SHIT ON IT.	Prank Her	Ugh, you say that, but did you see all googly eyes I glued on your statue? You are DENSE.
3	Shield	Fireball	Pull	Demean her	A simple drudge like you WOULD steal my perfect ideas. Pathetic. Hot Pot sees right through you.	Dismiss her	Stole your idea? What idea? To be perfect and hate you? I've had enough of you!
3	Shield	Fireball	Sing	Cause a scene	I hate you. Mostly 'cause you try to steal everything that's mine. Partly 'cause your makeup is awful.	Cause a scene	HA. STEAL YOUR IDEAS? THAT'S GOLD. *sigh* I guess I'll just have to tear your eyebrows out.
3	Shield	Fireball	Wallop	Gloat	I know you're a fan, but you can't steal from me. It comes off as tacky.	Gloat	No no, you can't accuse me. My fans will want to kill you! I'll just have to BEAT them to the PUNCH!
3	Shield	Fireball	Lunge	Threaten with violence	I spread ALL those fucking rumors and this is how you repay me? Stealing my ideas? You're gonna die.	Threaten with violence	Lulz, I guess the rumors didn't keep you away. Looks like it's time to rip your face off.
3	Shield	Fireball	Blink	Go Nuts	It's sad the way you try to copy me. It'll be sadder when I cover you with pigs blood at prom.	Wild Card!	Wow you must really want me to confirm the rumor that you EAT BABIES.
3	Shield	Lunge	Pull	Dominate her	Stealing ideas now? I'm fucking done with this. I'll show you the true meaning of pain! 	Demean her	You're so far fucking beneath me. How did I never see it before!? This next fight is just for the lulz.
3	Shield	Lunge	Wallop	Gloat	You ACTUALLY stole my idea? My fans will enjoy me tearing your lips off. This one's going viral.	Gloat	You're cute I guess, but I still hate your fucking face. Punching it sounds good. #gitGudScrub
3	Shield	Lunge	Sing	Annoy her	omgdidyoustealmyideayoufuckingbitchiwillkillyouwhatswrongwithyoudoyouthinkyouhaveanychancewithHot Pot...	Annoy her	areyoukiddingmeyoufuckinglittleliarididn'tstealshitfromyouYOUKNOWWHATSTHATSITIMDONEITSHAPPENINGPREPARETODIE.
3	Shield	Lunge	Fireball	Be insincere 	It's fine that you're ordinary, boring, and so so plain. A person like you WOULD steal my fucking idea. 	Be insincere	Think I'd steal your ideas? You're cute. So cute I'm going to vomit on your face.
3	Shield	Lunge	Blink	Prank Her	You stole my statue? I guess now I have a reason to wear a Mike Tyson costume and bite your ear off.	Go Nuts	You know all those bad thoughts that go through your head? In your case, they're all true.
3	Shield	Blink	Pull	Demean her	You stole my idea? Then, let's play a game. I put on bear costume and throw honey in your eyes. 	Dismiss her	I would tell you all the things wrong with what you just said...but you'd have to matter first.
3	Shield	Blink	Wallop	Grandstand	You copied me? You know, I feel like I could start a blog with all the ways I'm gonna prank you now.	Grandstand	UGH, don't you know that nobody likes you anyway? They'll rejoice when I end this.
3	Shield	Blink	Sing	Make a scene	You stole my statue? HOW ABOUT I PUT ON A TOP HAT AND DANCE EL MERENGUE?	Annoy her	Oh, WOW, so now we've moved on to LYING. Real creative, asshole.
3	Shield	Blink	Lunge	Snap at her	WHAT A BLATANT RIP OFF OF MY STATUE. I'M GONNA DRESS UP AS SHREK AND EAT YOU.	Threaten with violence	What was that? I should throw you off the roof? WHO SAID THAT, WHAT A GOOD IDEA.
3	Shield	Blink	Fireball	Be passive aggressive	You copied my idea? Fine, a little stage makeup while you sleep will be the perfect Hot Pot turnoff.	Throw shade	Well at least I didn't make a statue of a gremlin...or is that supposed to be yourself? Gross.
1	Fireball			Throw shade	You know, I think the dirt from the floor actually improved your outfit!	Throw shade	Wow, do you have a four-year old write your insults for you?
1	Fireball			Throw shade	I can't imagine leaving my house looking like you do...	Throw shade	Was that supposed to hurt my feelings? If so, you need to try harder.
1	Fireball			Be passive aggressive	First impressions are important...it's clear that *I* knew that...	Be passive aggressive	I'm sorry, was that supposed to be an insult?
1	Fireball			Be passive aggressive	You know, they make foundation in your skin tone too.	Throw shade	Your insult skills are about on par with your walking skills.
1	Fireball			Be passive aggressive	At least I tried to look nice...the first day is the day to make lasting impressions.	Be passive aggressive	I'm impressed you have such confidence when you're dressed like...that.
1	Fireball			Be passive aggressive	You know, you can be honest with your hairstylist when they do something bad...	Be passive aggressive	Bold words from someone so...well, ordinary.
1	Fireball			Throw shade	It's only the first day...you had time to come up with a better look.	Throw shade	You know, I don't think I've ever heard an insult that dumb! That's impressive!
1	Fireball			Be passive aggressive	Next time you experiment with fashion you should probably get a second opinion first.	Throw shade	Stop wasting effort on lame insults. Put some into your look instead and be less of a mess.
1	Fireball			Be passive aggressive	Don't worry about it, I'm sure someone can help you learn how to walk.	Point out her insecurities	You only say these things because you're insecure and you want attention.
1	Fireball			Backhanded compliment	Wow I used to have that exact outfit! You know, back when it was cool.	Throw shade	It'll be hard enough for you to make friends, I wouldn't be so quick to make enemies.
1	Fireball			Be passive aggressive	That's such an interesting haircut! Why did you pick it?	Be passive aggressive	I hope you don't think those insults are creative...
1	Fireball			Backhanded compliment	Well, dressing like that is one way to get people to pay attention to you.	Be passive aggressive	Don't frown so much, you don't want wrinkles while you're still young do you?
1	Sing			Stir up trouble	You didn't have to knock me over to approach me, you could have just said hi.	Act appalled 	Why would you SAY something like that, oh my GOD. You're an animal! Like a worm or something.
1	Sing			Stir up trouble	Excuse me, what are YOU doing in MY space? This is a no fuckwad zone. Fuckwad.	Annoy her	Hey, you wanna hear the most annoying sound in the world? OH WAIT THAT'S YOU.
1	Sing			Make it about you	What were you so distracted by? Was it my great hair? Or my fabulous outfit? I know I'm stunning.	Act offended	Well I was GONNA be nice to you...but if you're gonna be like THAT.
1	Sing			Annoy her	Why did you knock me over? Huh? HUH? Huh? Huh? Huh? Huh? Huh? Huh? Huh? Huh? Huh? Huh? Huh?	Make a scene	Are you just saying these things because you're jealous of me? Huh? HUH?
1	Sing			Stir up trouble	I can't BELIEVE you didn't even offer me a hand up! You're so rude! But I'm sure you know you're trash.	Annoy her	Say what you want, it won't change the fact that I'm PHENOMENAL.
1	Sing			Annoy her	Do you make a habit of running into cool people or am I extra special?	Stir up trouble	Only IDIOTS LIKE YOU feel the need to resort to insults!!!
1	Sing			Stir up trouble	*sniffle* You know, you running into me REALLY HURT. I have a bruise now. It's pretty, isn't it?	Make a scene	BACK UP EVERYONE, WE GOT A WORDSMITH IN THE HOUSE. A regular Stephenie Meyer.
1	Sing			Make it about you	If you're lucky, running into me will have caused some of my greatness to transfer to you.	Act appalled 	You're SO mean. OH MY GOD. SO mean. Like, why would you say that? What's your malfunction?
1	Sing			Stir up trouble	You should feel lucky that you got to touch me...that's the last time it'll happen.	Act appalled 	OH. MY. GOD. Did you really just talk to me like that? YOU? HA. You're as funny as you look!
1	Sing			Act appalled 	Oh my GOD, I know I'm hot, but you don't have to tackle me like that.	Act appalled 	OH NO. NO. MY DELICATE EARS. SUCH VILE WORDS. FOR SHAME. SHAMMMEEEE.
1	Sing			Act appalled 	It's only the first day...no need to look like you've given up already.	Make a scene	WOW. Okay, so it's gonna be THIS kind of school year?! Woo-fucking-hoo!
1	Sing			Stir up trouble	You better not have ruined my clothes when you knocked me down. Dirt doesn't work with my outfit.	Make a scene	I can't believe you'd be so mean! You jerk! You JERKY JERK. Heheh.
2	Fireball	Pull		Demand respect	If you don't admit defeat to me now you're gonna end up in my burn book.	Demand respect	How DARE you speak to me like that! Don't you know no one likes someone who lacks manners?
2	Fireball	Shield		Be scornful	Ugh, what are you doing here? Don't you know we don't need you?	Act aloof	I mean...if you WANT Hot Pot to see how gross you are when you eat...
2	Fireball	Lunge		Call her desperate	It's cute how you're interested in Hot Pot, but you're coming across as really fucking desperate.	Be scornful	Oh, please. Do you really think Hot Pot wants to spend time with YOU?
2	Fireball	Wallop		Gloat	Me being in the picture lowers your chances with Hot Pot from zero to negative zero. #gotHer	Grandstand	Please, Hot Pot is OBVIOUSLY saving that seat for me.
2	Fireball	Sing		Annoy her	I KNOW you're not looking at MY seat next to Hot Pot...RIGHT? RIGHT? RIGHT? RIGHT? RIGHT?	Act appalled 	WOW, you use such TRASHY words. I doubt Hot Pot finds that attractive.
2	Fireball	Blink		Wild Card!	You may want to walk carefully if you're going to sit next to Hot Pot. I tied your shoelaces together.	Wild Card!	I wonder what Hot Pot would say if I told them that you have THE STINKIEST FARTS EVER.
2	Sing	Pull		Act superior	PUUHHHH-LEEEASSE, even you know that I'm the superior choice, you foolish scum.	Demean her	Everyone in here can see that you're way out of your depth.
2	Sing	Shield		Done with her	UGH, you again, I'm tired of you encroaching on my time with Hot Pot.	Be snarky	Sure. Sit next to Hot Pot. It will only make them miss ME more.
2	Sing	Lunge		Hate on her	You're gonna want to GET OUT OF MY WAY. I don't appreciate people taking what's mine.	Threaten violence	I WILL NOT HESITATE TO FIGHT YOU FOR THAT SEAT.
2	Sing	Wallop		Grandstand	I think we both know Hot Pot deserves someone like me. Not a basic bore like you.	Grandstand	You talk big, but there's NO WAY you can ever hope to match ME.
2	Sing	Fireball		Throw shade	Trying to talk to MY Hot Pot? I can't tell if you're brave or just stupid.	Start a rumor	I can't believe you would call Hot Pot such mean names! That's so rude.
2	Sing	Blink		Wild Card!	You think your gonna sit next to Hot Pot?!  NOT IF I THROW GREASE ON THE FLOOR. WILD CARD!	Wild Card!	EWWWWW what's that SMELL. Is it the chili or did you let one rip?
3	Fireball	Pull	Shield	Be scornful	Do you really think Hot Pot goes for imitators? Because I think they're smarter than that.	Done with her	Oh, I'm sorry, did you think I was actually listening to you? An inferior being?
3	Fireball	Pull	Lunge	Laugh at her	Wow, that is the worst thing I've ever seen! Did you make it from the dirt outside?	Insult her	Me, steal your idea? Psh. I, unlike SOME people, am smart enough to have my own ideas.
3	Fireball	Pull	Wallop	Brag	Your statue just makes mine look even better. I guess you were finally useful to me!	Demean her	As if *finger snap*. I wouldn't lower myself to stealing YOUR idea.
3	Fireball	Pull	Sing	Make it about you	Oh, please. You're no threat to Hot Pot and mine's pure true love. We're forever. Like diamonds!	Annoy her	WOW. You POSER, copying your superiors. You're just a FAKE.
3	Fireball	Pull	Blink	Prank Her	You stole my statue, but are you prepared to face the judgement of your peers? Let's play a game...	Go Nuts	I'm shocked that you think you even deserve to talk to me! I would never have a friend like you.
3	Fireball	Shield	Pull	Demean her	Of course you imitated me. I shouldn't expect a minion like you to be original.	Be dismissive	Yeah...go on...please, say more to me. You're just an annoying little fly.
3	Fireball	Shield	Lunge	Call her a thief	Wow, balant theft. I shouldn't be surprised that you would stoop low.	Call her ugly	I guess it would be hard to make something beautiful when you lack beauty.
3	Fireball	Shield	Wallop	Grandstand	Listen, I know I can be inspiring, but I really don't appreciate copy-cats.	Grandstand	The level of ignorance you have is impressive. Don't you know how much everyone prefers me?
3	Fireball	Shield	Sing	Make it about you	Oh look at you, copying ME. Were you trying to get my attention?	Act appalled	I can't believe you! I worked HARD ON THIS, how could you steal my idea so lazily?!
3	Fireball	Shield	Blink	Prank Her	You stole my statue, but I'm better than ruining your reputation by putting dead fish in your pants. SIKE	Wild Card!	Steal your idea? Please. That'd be stupider than stealing the Declaration of Independence. 
3	Fireball	Lunge	Pull	Demean her	Look at you, trying so desperately to climb out of my shadow...and still failing.	Demean her	You act as if you're even worthy of licking my statue's boots. Here, have a taste.
3	Fireball	Lunge	Shield	Done with her	I'm not sure that disaster you made qualifies as a "statue"...	UGH	I'm even sure what that's supposed to be, but I feel like I'm looking at a third-grade art project.
3	Fireball	Lunge	Wallop	Brag	That statue looks ugly on it's own, but when you compare it to mine it looks even worse.	Grandstand	I guess it's unrealistic to expect quality work from you, not all of us can be masters.
3	Fireball	Lunge	Sing	Make it about you	I KNEW you would try to sabotage my relationship with Hot Pot. Haha, good fucking luck.	Make a scene	FINE. I guess you've declared WAR ON ME NOW.
3	Fireball	Lunge	Blink	Wild Card!	I wasn't going to RUIN your life, but now that you stole my statue? BRING OUT THE STINKBOMBS!	Go Nuts	Hey, um, just wondering, how do you feel about being pushed off roofs? For...reasons.
3	Fireball	Wallop	Pull	Demean her	I get why you would want to imitate me, but you could have at least tried to do it well.	Demean her	You having a chance? That's something that can only happen in your imagination, honey.
3	Fireball	Wallop	Shield	Done with her	That looks like you sculpted it out of play-doh and then baked it in an easy-bake oven.	Call her boring	Yawn. Are we still doing this? Talking to you is a bore, maybe punching you will be exciting.
3	Fireball	Wallop	Lunge	Call her lame	Your statue is a lame imitation of mine, exactly like how you're a worse version of me.	Call her fake	Your statue is every bit as fake as you are, bitch.
3	Fireball	Wallop	Sing	Make it about you	Ugh! I can't believe you copied me! I guess you must really want my attention...	Annoy her	At least my statue looks like art, and not some weird alien shit.
3	Fireball	Wallop	Blink	Go Nuts	Do you have any idea how popular I am? For copying me, the whole school will see me ruin you.	Go Nuts	Don't you know I'm too popular for such lies? Everyone will root for me when I kick your ass.
3	Fireball	Sing	Pull	Demean her	Stop pretending that you're even in Hot Pot's league and leave us alone.	Demean her	Please, I'll show you that you're no challenge for me.
3	Fireball	Sing	Shield	Sarcastic AF	Oh boy. You again. Bothering me. I can't WAIT to hear what YOU have to say.	So Done With Her	Ugh I don't even have time to tell you how wrong you are...actually I DO.
3	Fireball	Sing	Lunge	Hate on her	I can't believe you even think that shit is competition for MINE.	Threaten violence	I really wish you had been nicer to me...then I wouldn't have to DESTROY YOU.
3	Fireball	Sing	Wallop	Grandstand	Let's pretend you copied my statue because you were so inspired by me.	Grandstand	Wow, you copied my idea. Thanks for confirming again that I'M the best choice for Hot Pot.
3	Fireball	Sing	Blink	Wild Card!	You STOLE my STATUE. So I'm JUST GONNA STEAL YOUR SOUL. YA DEAD. WILD CARD!	Wild Card!	This reminds me of a story about Abraham Lincoln. Abraham Lincoln told me you're a douche.
3	Fireball	Blink	Pull	Demean her	I want to play a game. You steal my statue? I take your dignity. You'll never be worthy of Hot Pot.	Demean her	Oh, honey. Your statue is just sad. You should stick to making macaroni art for your parents.
3	Fireball	Blink	Shield	Troll her	Heh, you looked SO funny when you tripped on your shoelaces. Or maybe that's just your face.	Done with her	Ugh, why don't you go talk to someone who cares? Like my fist.
3	Fireball	Blink	Lunge	Threaten her	You stole my statue? Tying your shoelaces wasn't enough. How about I put bees in your fucking eyes.	Threaten with violence	Yeah, well, come to the roof with me and I'll teach you AND your statue how to fly.
3	Fireball	Blink	Wallop	Grandstand	I could probably have a show where I all I do is catfish you. You deserve it for stealing my statue.	Grandstand	You steal my idea and then accuse me of thieving? I can't wait to tell everyone. #WannaBe
3	Fireball	Blink	Sing	Annoy her	YOU STOLE MY STATUE.  But will Hot Pot like you when I throw bees in your hair? Wild Card!	Make a scene	Hey, EVERYONE, can you BELIEVE this brat??? I think she's a pathological liar!!!
3	Sing	Pull	Shield	Done with her	Yawn. Your pathetic second-hand ideas aren't even worth my time...OR Hot Pot's.	Done with her	Another lame insult from the bug. You're not even a challenge; I'll beat you, easy.
3	Sing	Pull	Lunge	Call her sad	Lots of people follow me, but when you do it it just makes you look sad.	Threaten violence	I think it's time for me to use this statue to beat you into the ground where you belong.
3	Sing	Pull	Wallop	Disrespect her	I'm sorry, do you really think you're competition for me? You're just trash. #CleaningHouse	Make a pun	FOOL, I can't WAIT to show you a LITERAL PUT DOWN.
3	Sing	Pull	Fireball	Start a rumor	WOW you lowly thief! This is plagiarism!!! EVERYONE, THIS GIRL IS A COPYCAT.	Throw shade	Maybe if you actually put effort into your insults, or your sculpting, you would matter.
3	Sing	Pull	Blink	Prank Her	Let's play a game. You stole my statue. I've covered it in a deadly toxin. Do you have time to clean it?	Wild Card!	You think you're on my level? Psh. My level is OVER 9000. And yours is -1,000,000,000.
3	Sing	Shield	Pull	Demean her	Ugh, an inferior imitation from an annoying, inferior gnat.	Dominate her	Either shut up or GET READY FOR ME TO SHOW YOU HOW INFERIOR YOU REALLY ARE.
3	Sing	Shield	Lunge	Call her tacky	I can't believe you think THAT tacky fucking imitation will impress Hot Pot!	Threaten her	I guess it's finally time for me to make you leave. Get ready to lose, bitch.
3	Sing	Shield	Wallop	Disrespect her	Calling that...thing a statue is an insult to MY incredible piece of art.	Brag	Do you think I care what you say? Everyone ELSE likes me, you should get some taste.
3	Sing	Shield	Fireball	Backhanded compliment	Wow, what a GREAT statue of Danny DeVito! So glad we didn't both make one of Hot Pot.	Be passive aggressive	It's almost impressive how ugly that statue is. I could never make anything like it.
3	Sing	Shield	Blink	Wild Card!	Hey, LOSER. You stole my statue? But I stole THE BREAKLINE TO YOUR CAR? WILD CARD!	Go Nuts	Ugh, why are you still TRYING. Hot Pot will NEVER CHOOSE A FAILING FAILURE LIKE YOU.
3	Sing	Lunge	Pull	Demean her	You'll never be worthy of being around me or Hot Pot. You're far too beneath us.	Demean her	Oh, PLEASE. I think it's time for me to squash you like the bug you are.
3	Sing	Lunge	Shield	Done with her	It would take far too long for me to tell you all the things wrong with that "statue"...	Be snarky	Wow, were you even trying? If that's your "A" game I understand why you fail so often.
3	Sing	Lunge	Wallop	Gloat	I thought my sculpture was good...and then I saw YOUR fucking trash. Now I know mine is GREAT.	I'm famous	I don't have to put up with this...everyone ELSE likes me just fine. YOU'RE the problem.
3	Sing	Lunge	Fireball	Backhanded compliment	HEY, nice fucking gargoyle. Everyone likes those. You shitbird.	Give disingenuous advice	You wouldn't have to try so hard to get people to like you if you just had a personality.
3	Sing	Lunge	Blink	Wild Card!	Wow, I can't believe I brought Hot Pot a statue of them, and you brought them BEES. WILD CARD!	Go Nuts	Ugh, you fucking LIAR. Why don't I shove you back to LIARSVILLE where you belong.
3	Sing	Wallop	Pull	Dominate her	You don't even deserve to share AIR with people like me and Hot Pot. Go back to your hole.	Demean her	I spit on people like you, then take them to the trash, where you and your garbage statue belong.
3	Sing	Wallop	Shield	Done with her	It's so exhausting to deal with fans like you all day. Especially when they're lame imitations.	Be snarky	As if I would steal YOUR idea. Why would I need to steal from one so beneath me?
3	Sing	Wallop	Lunge	Be aggressive	Ugh, I can't STAND copy-cats. I won't forgive this, and I won't forget it!	Be aggressive	I guess you want to fight. You must be really anxious to lose to me.
3	Sing	Wallop	Fireball	Be passive aggressive	That statue is so bad I would feel sorry for you...if I ever thought about you.	Be insincere	I guess it's nice that you tried something...even if it ended up looking like garbage.
3	Sing	Wallop	Blink	Prank Her	You stole my idea? What a bad idea. I'll make sure this video of me pouring cow pee on you goes viral.	Go Nuts	How DARE you accuse me of such things? I'd never stoop to YOUR bottom-feeder level.
3	Sing	Fireball	Pull	Dismiss her	If only you had some talent...then you wouldn't have to copy your betters.	Be dismissive	That garbage statue of yours really reflects your true personality...trash.
3	Sing	Fireball	Shield	Be snarky	Wow you clearly worked hard on that...for four minutes.	So Done With Her	At least you can tell I put EFFORT into mine...BUT YOU DIDN'T EVEN TRY.
3	Sing	Fireball	Lunge	Be direct 	That's the worst statue I've ever seen. Exactly what I expect from a talentless hack.	Call her clueless	Everyone knows that I'm better than you, how do you not? Are you completely clueless?
3	Sing	Fireball	Wallop	Grandstand	I could almost admire you daring to copy me so blatantly, but you did it so badly.	Gloat	Don't you know that everyone loves me? Why do you think Hot Pot would be any different?
3	Sing	Fireball	Blink	Wild Card!	How COULD you!? You think you can get away with this? I will have my revenge! And PIZZA ROLLS. 	Go Nuts	I won't let you get away with this, YOU PESKY MEDDLING KID.
3	Sing	Blink	Pull	Dominate her	Stealing my idea? How about I handcuff you to a vent and force feed the key to your cat? WILD CARD!	Demean her	I can't believe you still think that you're my equal. You're barely a sea slug. I'm a dolphin.
3	Sing	Blink	Shield	Done with her	Ugh,  you stole my idea? Whatever...I'll just smack you with a fish and watch you cry.	Act aloof	Who knows what surprises, the wonderball can hide? Yummy nestle chocolates, WITH BEEEES.
3	Sing	Blink	Lunge	Lose your shit	YOU COPIED ME!? WELL GUESS WHO CUT THE BREAKS TO YOUR CAR? WILD CARD!!	Lose your shit	HEY WHO WANTS TO WATCH ME THROW THIS BITCH DOWN? LITERALLY.
3	Sing	Blink	Wallop	Grandstand	Pouring spiders down your shirt for stealing my statue will be a GREAT first episode to my new vlog.	Grandstand	YOU DARE SPEAK LIKE THAT TO ME?! I AM JOAN OF THE FUCKING ARC. I'ma cut you good.
3	Sing	Blink	Fireball	Humiliate her	For stealing my statue, I'm going to tie you to a flagpole in your undies and watch the humiliation begin	Be passive aggressive	Oh WOW. Blaming me? I won't stand for this. You won't stand at all anymore.
1	Lunge			Threaten her	Were you trying to fight me? Because you should know I that could easily kick your ass.	Threaten her	Are you TRYING to make me hit you right now?
1	Lunge			Call her an idiot	Am I the only person at this school who isn't a total fucking idiot!?	Threaten to uppercut her	Bitch, I will uppercut you!
1	Lunge			Snap at her	Don't fuck with me, bitch. You're not even close to my level!	Call her ugly	God, I thought your face was bad.  Then I heard your voice.
1	Lunge			Call her dumb	What, you can't watch where you're going? For fucks sake, just try.	Threaten her	You just signed your own death warrant!
1	Lunge			Call her stupid	Did you eat a brain tumor for breakfast or something?	Threaten her	The last person who spoke to me like that ended up in the back of an ambulance.
1	Lunge			Call her ugly	Are you really tired today or is that just your fucking face?	Threaten to slap her	Wow, my slapping hand is going to get a lot of exercise this year.
1	Lunge			Laugh at her	That outfit. HAHAHA! You must be the class clown!	Snap at her	Who the flying fuck do you think you fucking are?! I'll rip your eyeballs out and eat them.
1	Lunge			Threaten her	If you bump into me again I'm going to rip out your hair and super glue it to your face.	Threaten to decapitate her	Wow, you've got a big head. I really want to rip it off your neck.
1	Lunge			Call her a fuck	Am I going to have to deal with fuckwad shit-stains like you all year?	Hate her	Oh thank fucking god, I was looking for somebody to hate around here.
1	Lunge			Threaten to punch her	Watch yourself, or next time you're going to run into my fist.	Snap at her	You know, I was going to be nice...but then you opened your fucking mouth.
1	Lunge			Threaten her	You do NOT want to get on my bad side. People die on my bad side.	Laugh at her	God, you're just terrible all around aren't you?
1	Lunge			Threaten her	You just made my shit list. And people on my shit list? They get shit on.	Threaten violence	I swear to God, your voice makes me want to hurt children.
1	Wallop			#Instagram	Do you even know who I am?  You must not be on Instagram.	Gloat	Is that envy I hear in your voice?  Don't worry, it's a natural response.
1	Wallop			Gloat	You look jealous.  Don't worry, I'm used to it.	Gloat	Listen, it's okay to be jealous of me, you don't have to hide it.
1	Wallop			Gloat	Look, I'm kind of a big deal, so why don't you just run along. Maybe into something spikey.	Gloat	I like how you talk to me like we're equals or something. It's cute.
1	Wallop			I'm famous	I know you don't know me yet, but you will.	Gloat	Oh honey, you have no idea how far out of your league you are.
1	Wallop			Swag on her	You're probably not used to seeing this much swag in one place.	Disrespect her	Was that really your best insult? I was right not to be threatened by you.
1	Wallop			Gloat	Don't worry. One day you're going to brag to your kids about the day you bumped into me.	Call her a hater	Wow, haters on the very first day? I knew I was doing something right.
1	Wallop			Brag about your looks	Were you distracted by me? I have that effect on people.	Drop Some Shakespeare	"I desire that we be better strangers." That's Shakespeare, but I guess you wouldn't know.
1	Wallop			Disrespect her	Sorry, did you want an autograph? I can only assume you crashed into me for one.	Grandstand	HAHAHA!!! Oh god I'm crying! HA. Okay, BREATHE. Sorry, I was just laughing at you.
1	Wallop			Disrespect her	Don't worry, I'm used to people falling at my feet.	Swag on her	Time is money, honey, and you just cost me about twenty bucks.
1	Wallop			Gloat	You can try to make this about you, but it will always end up being about me. I'm a star. #Diva	I'm famous	Listen if you want to be more like me, you have to work on your insult game. And your makeup. 
1	Wallop			Gloat	Bumping into me was probably the best part of your day, right?	Disrespect her	You've got to find a better way to channel your jealousy.  Mean isn't working.
1	Wallop			I'm famous	I guess it was nice meeting you. *flip hair* I bet it was GREAT meeting me.	Swag on her	Hmm, I give that insult a 3/10. Flat delivery, unoriginal, and expected. Give up, baby girl.
2	Lunge	Fireball		Perpetuate a rumor	You know everyone fucking hates you, right? What makes you think Hot Pot's any different?	Threaten her with a rumor	I hear you've got a raging case of herpes. I bet Hot Pot will love hearing all about it.
2	Lunge	Shield		Snarky comment	Seriously? You know Hot Pot only goes for girls with at least half a brain, right?	Snide Comment	Look, if nobody wants to sit with you, you can always sit in the corner and fuck yourself.
2	Lunge	Sing		Act appalled	Are you seriously trying to make a move on MY Hot Pot?! Back off! He only likes beautiful people.	Be entitled	Whatever, shit-brain! Hot Pot is already mine! They just don't know it yet! I deserve them.
2	Lunge	Pull		Demean her	You can't sit next to Hot Pot.  They don't waste time on scum like you.	Dominate her	Good luck talking to me like that after I staple your goddamn mouth shut.
2	Lunge	Wallop		Disrespect her	You think Hot Pot wants to sit next to you? Ha! You're almost as funny as that outfit!	Drop a poem on her	A poem for you: Roses are red, violets are blue, Hot Pot is mine, the fuck you gonna do?
2	Lunge	Blink		Prank Her	Cute trying to sit next to Hot Pot. But they won't like you AFTER I SPRAY HAIRSPRAY IN YOUR EYES.	Go Nuts	Your defeat will only sweeten my lunch. MMmm, can't wait for it.
2	Wallop	Lunge		Be aggressive	Me and Hot Pot? That's a celebrity fucking couple. Why don't you go cry into a sandwich or something?	Threaten her	Hot Pot won't sit next to someone ordinary like you. Especially after I drown you in your own blood.
2	Wallop	Fireball		Give insincere advice	You and Hot Pot? No. What about that weird kid with no eyebrows? You'd be so cute together!	Backhanded compliment	I think it's so great how you'll wear anything. Like, you don't even care. So admirable.             
2	Wallop	Shield		Ugh	Wait, you think Hot Pot wants to eat lunch with you? Ugh. Why? You're so boring.	Be snarky	When Hot Pot acknowledges you, I'll ride my bedazzled flying pig to hell and grab you a snowcone.
2	Wallop	Sing		Make it about you	I know you're in love with me or whatev, but I can't share Hot Pot. I don't do threesomes.	Make it about you	Oh my god, are you following me? I had no idea you were so obsessed with me.
2	Wallop	Pull		Assert dominance	You and Hot Pot? Don't waste your money, honey. I've got Hot Pot wrapped around my finger.	Demean her	Fool, Hot Pot doesn't even know who you are. You're just so...small...and insignificant, a B-Lister.
2	Wallop	Blink		Go Nuts	I can't wait to tell my followers about how you tried to claim my seat! They'll RUIN YOUR LIFE.	Go Nuts	Excuse me? I BITE MY THUMB AT YOU. AND THEN SPIT AT YOUR FACE. THEN REATTACH IT!
3	Lunge	Fireball	Sing	Act appalled	OMFG! Would you look at this!? She totally stole my idea! SHE STOLE MY IDEA. Poorly, though.	Flaunt popularity	Whatever! Everybody hates you, bitch! They're going to cheer for me when I kick your ass!
3	Lunge	Fireball	Shield 	Be sarcastic	Gross, unpopular, AND a copycat! OMG, congratulations! You are now officially the worst!	Turn it back on her	That's just what somebody who stole MY idea would say. Ugh. Fuckin' scumlord.
3	Lunge	Fireball	Pull	Dominate her	You'll regret stealing my statue. I will fucking break you, and make sure everyone sees it.	Be dismissive	I wouldn't steal an idea from YOU. It's not worth the embarrassment.
3	Lunge	Fireball	Wallop	Gloat	Oh this is too fucking much, it's like we had our own little meet cute! Well, at least I'M cute.	Swag on her	Look around you. Do you see how many how many people give a shit? Because I count zero.
3	Lunge	Fireball	Blink	Prank Her	You stole my fucking statue? I'm going to spray so much febreeze in your eyes they'll fall out.	Wild Card!	YOU KNOW WHAT YOU FUCKWAD? EGGPLANT PARMESAN IS DELICIOUS. FUCK YOU.
3	Lunge	Shield 	Fireball	Give disingenuous advice	God. If you're going to copy somebody, at least try to be A LITTLE subtle about it.	Be insincere	Shh shh shh, it's okay. I know it's a lot for your tiny brain to handle.
3	Lunge	Shield	Sing	Annoy her	Stop copying me. Stop copying me. Stop copying me. Stop copying me...STOP COPYING ME!	Make a scene	I didn't copy your fucking statue! Hot Pot modeled for me!  Nude! Very nude...
3	Lunge	Shield	Pull	Be dismissive	Can't even come up with your own idea? I would find that sad if I gave a shit.	Demean her	Do you honestly think I would have to steal an idea from YOU? You're dumber than you look,
3	Lunge	Shield	Wallop	Disrespect her	You're copying me now? Haha! Wow! You couldn't think your way out of a fucking trash bag.	Swag on her	Actually, I got the statue idea from an art dealer friend, but you wouldn't know about having friends.
3	Lunge	Shield	Blink	Prank Her	Ugh, you stole my fucking statue? What's your malfunction? I'm going to spray you with bear piss.	Wild Card!	I HAVE A FULL SCALE GUNDAM SUIT AT HOME. AND I WILL BLOW YOU THE FUCK AWAY.
3	Lunge	Sing	Fireball	Perpetuate a rumor	If I were other people, I'd call you a hateful fucking colostomy bag. But I'm better than that.	Be passive aggressive	Oh my god. Stealing your idea is a compliment!  But if you're really upset, I'll just break yours.
3	Lunge	Sing	Shield 	Be sarcastic	Gee! I wonder who Hot Pot's going to like? Me, or the girl who can't think for herself?	Troll her	Oh my god, you totally get off on being a bitch! Seriously, does it turn you on or something?
3	Lunge	Sing	Pull	Be dismissive	You fucking copied me? Hmph! You're just a pathetic poser. A SAD EXCUSE FOR A SHITBAG.	Dominate her	Are you going to shut the fuck up, or am I going to have to staple your foolish lips shut?
3	Lunge	Sing	Wallop	Gloat	God, that's so fucking pathetic. You just copy whatever us cool kids do? Wow.	Play it cool	You know what? I think I'll kick your ass just for the hell of it. I've got two minutes.
3	Lunge	Sing	Blink	Prank Her	Stealing my statue? LAME. Know what's not lame? Pouring 2 pounds of itching powder down your back.	Go Nuts	If I DON'T GET, a GRILLED CHEESE IN FIVE SECONDS. SOMEONE'S GONNA FUCKING DIE.
3	Lunge	Pull	Fireball	Give disingenuous advice	If you can't come up with your own fucking idea, don't just steal one. It makes you look pathetic.	Turn people against her	I didn't need to steal your dumb fuck idea. I have minions for that.
3	Lunge	Pull	Shield 	Ugh	You stole my idea? Ugh. Are you physically incapable of having an original thought?	Troll her	You mad? You want to hit me? Go ahead. Do it! See how that plays out for you.
3	Lunge	Pull	Sing	Act appalled	Ha! Are you seriously so fucking pathetic that you had to steal my idea?! So funny.	Flip out	You want to mess with me, bitch?! I WILL RUIN YOUR LIFE. I WILL END YOU. This is gonna be fun.
3	Lunge	Pull	Wallop	Swag on her	Honey, you get to my level by being talented, not by copying the big girls.	Swag on her	I should keep a mic on me. I'm always looking for something to drop on fools like you.
3	Lunge	Pull	Blink	Prank Her	Let's play a game. I covered your statue in mousetraps. Will you sacrifice your fingers to save your art?	Go Nuts	I want to tell you how much I hate you to your face, but I'm not sure I'm even looking at a face.
3	Lunge	Wallop	Fireball	Throw shade	Wow. The way you can just unabashedly steal somebody else's idea. It's is just...so you.	Be insincere	Oh my god, are you going to cry? Here, I'll make sure you have something to cry about.
3	Lunge	Wallop	Shield 	Be snarky	They say that imitation is the sincerest form of flattery, yet somehow I still hate you.	Be cheeky	Oh yeah? You think you can back up those accusations with facts? How about fists?
3	Lunge	Wallop	Sing	Make it about you	You can steal my idea, but you DEFINITELY can't steal my talent. YOUR STATUE SUCKS!	Make a scene	Hey everybody! Who wants to come to the roof and watch me kick this bitch's ass?
3	Lunge	Wallop	Pull	Act superior	I'm not surprised that you copied me. I'm surprised you don't realize what a fucking mistake that was.	Demean her	Now you're REALLY aggravating me. I think it's about time I crushed this little bug.
3	Lunge	Wallop	Blink	Prank Her	You stole my fucking idea? My fans will love watching me throw wasp-filled balloons at you.	Prank Her	You say that, but did you know that I have an army of fans armed with dart guns waiting for you?
3	Lunge	Blink	Fireball	Start a rumor	I will crumble the statue you stole into powder, and make everyone think you have a cocaine addiction.	Be insincere	Steal your idea? Riiiight. Little Miss what's-her-name is SOOOO inspiring. SIKE. You suck.
3	Lunge	Blink	Shield 	Done with her	Ugh, you again. I'm just gonna throw a placenta pie in your face for stealing my fucking statue.	So Done With Her	I'm going to fucking fuck up this fuckers fucking face until it's unfuckingrecognizable. Shit.
3	Lunge	Blink	Sing	Lose your shit	YOU STOLE MY STATUE? THAT'S IT. DEAD FISH IN EVERYTHING YOU OWN. Wild Card!	Lose your shit	HEY HEY. SCRUB. I got a pile full of cool whip and razor blades for your eating pleasure.
3	Lunge	Blink	Pull	Act powerful	How about we play a game!? You steal my statue? And I steal your left fucking kidney. 	Act powerful	I have a great idea for a game. I put you in a room and make you cut off your pinky finger to survive.
3	Lunge	Blink	Wallop	Grandstand	I had an idea for a vlog, where I made your life #miserable. For stealing my statue, it's a sure thing now.	Swag on her	Well, look at this morose motherfucker. Smells like someone shit in her cereal! BONNNGGG.
3	Wallop	Lunge	Fireball	Give disingenuous advice	A little word of advice, fuckwad; it's okay to be uncreative, but nobody likes a copycat. 	Throw shade	You're not flattering yourself with all that fucking whining. Here, I'll give you something to whine about.
3	Wallop	Lunge	Shield 	Be sarcastic	A girl who'd dare copy me? Now I've really seen everything.	Be snarky	Oh, damn. Looks like I'm fresh out of fucks to give. Sorry about that.
3	Wallop	Lunge	Sing	Make it about you	Oh look at you, trying to fucking copy me. You'll never be as good as I am, and definitely not as cute.	Act offended	YOU are accusing ME?! UGH! That is IT! You're dead to me Fredo.
3	Wallop	Lunge	Pull	Demean her	You stole my statue idea? I shouldn't be surprised, I knew you were a pathetic wannabe.	Dominate her	No, please, keep yapping. It'll be all the more satisfying when I grind you into the dirt.
3	Wallop	Lunge	Blink	Wild Card!	You copied my statue? That's fine, I already replaced yours with bees and wasps. WILD CARD.	Wild Card!	When you're this famous, no one wonders why I'm carrying a wasps nest to your locker.
3	Wallop	Fireball	Lunge	Call her ugly	You made a marble statue too? Oh my god, we're like twins! You know, except I'm pretty.	Get angry	Ugh! I'm done being cute with you. I think I'm just going to kick your ass now.
3	Wallop	Fireball	Shield 	Be sarcastic	A marble statue of Hot Pot? So cool. I wonder where you got THAT brilliant idea.	Be sarcastic	Oh my god, you're so totally right. I DEFINITELY copied your sad little garbage pile.
3	Wallop	Fireball	Sing	Act Appalled	I can't believe you would steal my idea! Is that what I get for being nice to you?	Be annoying	Oh? AHHH HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA!!! I'm sorry! You're just so cute when you're mad!
3	Wallop	Fireball	Pull	Be dismissive	You stole my idea? Hmph. I'm sorry I ever deigned to talk to you.	Be dismissive	I don't know why I tried to be nice to you. You're just a pathetic fucking loser.
3	Wallop	Fireball	Blink	Prank Her	If you think you can steal my statue, I need to work harder. Maybe a dead fish in your locker will work.	Prank Her	I think that maybe a few kick me signs, a few stinkbombs or fake gum will be enough to ruin you.
3	Wallop	Shield	Lunge	Threaten violence	You know what'll be fun? Beating you to death with that ridiculous poser statue.	Threaten violence	*sigh* I tried to be civil, but..now I'm going to have to throw you off the fucking roof.
3	Wallop	Shield	Fireball	Be insincere 	It's okay if you're not clever enough to have your own ideas. Not everyone is creative.	Throw shade	Of course I didn't copy your statue; MINE is true art AND it actually looks like Hot Pot.
3	Wallop	Shield	Sing	Make it about you	Ugh, I should've known you'd copy me. I guess not everyone can be as clever as me.	Annoy her	HEY. DO YOU KNOW WHO I AM? NO? WHAT IF I SCREAM LOUDLY INTO YOUR EAR?
3	Wallop	Shield	Pull	Dismiss her	I would call your statue a pale imitation, but even that would be too generous. 	Belittle her	Is that all? Ha! I should have known not to expect anything intelligent from you.
3	Wallop	Shield	Blink	Wild Card!	Great. You stole my statue. Well,  I can always dress up as Abe Lincoln and film it. WILD CARD.	Wild Card!	When I'm this famous, no one questions why I dress up as the Easter Bunny to throw eggs at you.
3	Wallop	Sing	Lunge	Get angry	I used to think it was cute how much you wanted to be me, but now it's just fucking annoying!	Threaten her	God! Why won't you just leave me alone? Am I going to have to choke a bitch?!
3	Wallop	Sing	Fireball	Give disingenuous advice	I'm flattered, but your obsession with me is really unhealthy. You should do you.	Give disingenuous advice	Throwing around false accusations, especially against ME, just makes you look desperate.
3	Wallop	Sing	Shield 	So done with her	Wow, I know you're obsessed with me, but copying me? It's starting to get creepy.	Turn it back on her	Uh, you definitely copied ME. Oh my god, stop stalking me! I swear I'll call the cops!
3	Wallop	Sing	Pull	Demean her	You're copying me now? Are you really that pathetic?	Act superior	I didn't steal your stupid idea. I'm too good to deign you with that kind of honor.
3	Wallop	Sing	Blink	Prank Her	I am a star. And you STOLE my statue? COME HERE. I have a banana peel with your name on it,	Wild Card!	BUY GOLD NOW!!!!&$$$$$$!!$$$!$!$ BUY IT WHILE IT'S HOT! CASH$$4$$GOLD!!!
3	Wallop	Pull	Lunge	Be cutting	Stealing my idea? Are you jealous or just too fucking stupid to come up with your own?	Threaten her	I'm going to have to curb stomp you, aren't I? God, I hate getting my shoes dirty.
3	Wallop	Pull	Fireball	Turn people against her	I'm going to tell the whole school you stole my idea, and you know they'll believe me.	Turn people against her	You do know that I can snap my fingers and turn this whole school against you, right?
3	Wallop	Pull	Shield 	Be sarcastic	Oh look! The little nobody stole my idea! Oh, how flattering.	Be snarky	I'm sorry, were you talking to me? I don't speak plebe.
3	Wallop	Pull	Sing	Annoy her	Oh sure! Steal an idea from the most popular girl in school! Of course YOU would have to!	Annoy her	This whole school worships me. Why should I care what you say? You're nobody.
3	Wallop	Pull	Blink	Prank Her	Let's play a game. Will you destroy your statue? Or watch as I send the school copies of your diary.	Prank Her	I have a game I think we should play. It's like Parcheesi, except with deadly nerve gas and pizza.
3	Wallop	Blink	Lunge	I'm famous	Now on Prankable! I make the girl who stole my statue think her entire family is dead! #NoNotGrandpa!	I'm famous	Today on Prankable, I push somebody off a roof. Cue the slide-whistle!
3	Wallop	Blink	Fireball	Start a rumor	Today on Prankable! This girl stole my statue, now I'm gonna ruin her reputation. #SheSmellsLikeFish	Throw shade	Now on Prankable, I brought the whole school to watch as I lay some sick burns on this girl! Let's go!
3	Wallop	Blink	Shield 	So Done With Her	Prankable, a vlog to watch me dress up as a hedgehog and throw coins at the girl who stole my statue.	Done with her	Prankable, a vlog to watch me dress up as a pigeon and caw at this girl. #HatofulHate
3	Wallop	Blink	Sing	Make a scene	WELCOME TO PRANKABLE. Today this girl stole my statue. Today, she will be covered in live bees.	Annoy her	WELCOME TO PRANKABLE. Today I cover this girl in TARANTULAS! #WildCard #SpidersRScary
3	Wallop	Blink	Pull	Act powerful	Today on Prankable, she stole my statue. She did not choose the nerve gas in her locker. Will she live?	Act superior	Today on Prankable, she insults me. She doesn't know I hold the antidote to the poison in her veins.
1	Blink			Prank Her	Whoa, what a fall! I didn't see a banana peel or anything! You just suck at walking I guess.	Wild Card!	Have you ever said a word like 30 times and it suddenly sounds weird? Fight me...fite me....feet me...
1	Blink			Prank Her	Hey, what would you do if you opened your locker and it exploded? Just fielding some questions.	Wild Card!	I think I can forgive you for that...SIKE. Maybe we can be friends? DOUBLE SIKE. LES GO.
1	Blink			Prank Her	Hey how would you feel if I...somebody...threw water balloons filled with hair-dye at you?	Wild Card!	One potato, two potato, three potato, four. One punch, two punch, get in the locker door!
1	Blink			Prank Her	Oh man, thank god I broke the fall with my whoopie cushion...I mean...WHOA you really let one rip!	Wild Card!	I am now going to disregard what you're saying and eat chocolate raisins. Wild card, indubitably.
1	Blink			Prank Her	You look like the perfect target for my new prank. I hope you don't like your clothes, your hair, or dignity.	Wild Card!	I want some spaghetti. Such a weird word. Spaghetti. Spa...ghetti. Your face can be the meatballs.
1	Blink			Prank Her	You remind me of this kid I pranked a few years ago. I wonder if they ever grew their toenails back.	Go Nuts	Hey do you want some cereal? I don't have any milk. SO YOU'LL HAVE TO EAT IT DRY.
1	Blink			Prank Her	Oh WHOA, YES. A new target for all my pranks. This year is going to be fun! WILD CARD, BITCHES.	Prank Her	You have no idea how many pranks I have in reserve. Get ready for some dead fish in top hats.
1	Blink			Prank Her	How upset would you be if threw used tampons into your locker? Just tossin' ideas around. WILD CARD.	Wild Card!	WHOA. INTENSE WORDS. I have some words for you too: PASTRAMI SANDWICH.
1	Blink			Wild Card!	I have melted crayons, a water gun, and acetic acid...and suddenly a desire to prank you. WILD CARD.	Prank Her	Oh now I can't WAIT to put a flaming bag of poop in your locker. This year is gonna be AWESOME.
1	Blink			Prank Her	Hey, which one of these is your locker? I have some stink-bo...flowers...definitely flowers...to give you.	Go Nuts	My preferred utensil is almost always a spork. So when you insult me, you're insulting sporks.
1	Blink			Prank Her	Sorry about the fall, I'll make you some brownies. Do you have any allergies? Particularly to laxatives?	Wild Card!	You just opened up a can of worms. Like, you literally opened my can of worms. Wanna see?
1	Blink			Wild Card!	During the brief moments that we were falling, I tied your shoes together. WILD CARD, BITCHES!	Wild Card!	Well well well, we meet again, except this time, it's for the first time. 
2	Blink	Lunge		Snap at her	Oh, I think you have some lunch meat on your face. SIKE. You're just fucking ugly & I love Hot Pot.	Threaten her	I'm going to get itching powder and stink bombs ALL UP IN YOUR FUCKING FACE.
2	Blink	Fireball		Start a rumor	Oh no! I can't believe someone left a deadfish in your locker and now Hot Pot thinks you smell!	Be insincere	It's cute when you say that. It'd be cuter if someone hadn't dyed your teeth black. Who would do that?
2	Blink	Shield 		Done with her	Ugh, I thought the itching powder got rid of you. I'm sure Hot Pot will LOVE the constant scratching.	So Done With Her	Omg can you stop talking to me? Didn't you learn your lesson after I put laxatives in your dessert?
2	Blink	Sing		Annoy her	I love Hot Pot, I AM A KNIGHT OF OF LA MANCHA, and you will stay away from him.	Talk yourself up	Hot Pot doesn't even know who you are. I don't even know you are. I barely know who I am. Meow.
2	Blink	Pull		Act powerful	Let's play a game. I've set mousetraps along the floor on the path to Hot Pot. Can you survive?	Dominate her	Let's play a game. There are used needles lining the path to Hot Pot. Will you suffer for your love?
2	Blink	Wallop		I'm famous	My pranks went viral! My new fans will LOVE seeing you try to sit next to Hot Pot covered in fish oil.	Gloat	Yes! You saying that is PERFECT footage for my new vlog. I'm gonna prank you so hard! #Prankwars
3	Blink	Lunge	Fireball	Be insincere	I feel bad that we have the same statue SIKE, I FILLED YOUR STATUE WITH RATS. WILD CARD	Be insincere	It's sad that we're not friends.SIKE I FUCKING HATE YOU. And I shit in your locker. WILD CARD!
3	Blink	Lunge	Shield 	Done with her	Ugh, look at your statue. SO original. SIKE. You OBVS fucking stole it, you milk steak.	Be scornful	You think I stole your idea? I wouldn't steal a fucking dime from you. SIKE. I robbed your home. 
3	Blink	Lunge	Sing	Make a scene	WOWZA, stealing my statue? I wonder how Hot Pot will like it covered in your blood and maybe glitter.	Annoy her	You think I stole from you? The ONLY thing I've stolen from you is your credit card. WILD CARD!
3	Blink	Lunge	Pull	Act powerful	Whoa, no! I wasn't actually going to make you saw your foot off for copying my statue.................SIKE.	Act powerful	That's a new low for you. I should hide the key to your cars in your intestines....oh wait...I did.
3	Blink	Lunge	Wallop	Swag on her	I can't believe you stole my idea! The video of me pouring bird poop on you will totally go viral now. 	I'm famous	Hold on say that again. It'll be a great opener for this video of me spraying deer piss on you. #OhNo!
3	Blink	Fireball	Lunge	Threaten her	You should be prom queen. You deserve it after stealing my idea. Btw, are you allergic to pigs blood?	Threaten her	Wow, you're just FULL of confidence. We'll see how long that lasts after I shave your fucking head.
3	Blink	Fireball	Shield 	SO done	You stole my ideas? WELL, it's SO sad that nobody likes you now that you smell like fish. So sad.	UGH	I can't believe you'd say that. Well, I guess I can considering the lingering fish smell. Ha. Want more?
3	Blink	Fireball	Sing	Make a scene	STEAL MY IDEA!? Well it's so sad nobody likes you now that you smell like dead fish all the time.	Annoy her	You think I stole your statue!? WELL WHOOP-DEE-DOO, CAUSE YOU STILL SMELL LIKE DEATH.
3	Blink	Fireball	Pull	Act powerful	YOU stole my work? It's time to make a choice. Your statue in shards? Or Dust. CHOOSE WISELY.	Dominate her	You still smell like dead fish. Let's play a game. I can put more fish, or old cheese. Choose wisely.
3	Blink	Fireball	Wallop	I’m famous	The dead fish gag got me ALL the instagram followers. The internet just LOVES to laugh at you!	I'm famous	I just LOVE the way the internet loves to laugh at you. My prank videos are going SO viral. #4LULZ
3	Blink	Shield 	Lunge	Threaten her	You fucking copied me?! Oh I'm SO dressing up like a monkey and throwing shit at you. WILD CARD.	Hate her	How would you feel if someone dressed like a clown chased you with a hammer? Asking for a friend.
3	Blink	Shield 	Fireball	Be passive aggressive	You stole my work? I wonder how Hot Pot and the school will feel if you smell like dead fish....	Be insincere	Of course I stole your idea! Haven't I told you that I admire you? No? Good. Cuz I don't.
3	Blink	Shield 	Sing	Make a scene	STOLE MY STATUE, EH?! Looks like I need to put my cat costume on and throw dead rats at you.	Make a scene	YOU'RE ACCUSING ME OF THEFT! I need to put on my Pikachu costume and tase you a few times.
3	Blink	Shield 	Pull	Act powerful	You've stolen my statue, and now you must make a choice. Do I grafitti it? Or you. The clock is ticking.	Demean her	I put stinkbombs on your clothes. There are two costumes in your locker. Clown or monkey. Choose.
3	Blink	Shield 	Wallop	I’m famous	Wait, I need to videotape me throwing paint on your and your stolen statue. This is totally going viral.	Gloat	I should have been filming your insults all year. They're so bad, I could have gone viral by now. 
3	Blink	Sing	Lunge	Threaten her	YOU. Who have vexed me...YOU steal my work? BEGONE FOUL THIEF. Or shall I make thee?	Be direct	YOU KNOW MY NEXT PRANK NOW THAT YOU SAID THAT? MACE. IN YOUR EYES. WILD CARD.
3	Blink	Sing	Fireball	Throw shade	HA! You think you can copy my statue? I will spread word of your foul deeds, and all will hate thee.	Be insincere	WOW, big words coming from someone NOT on a unicycle.
3	Blink	Sing	Shield 	SO done	Oh, it's the SAD LITTLE illusionary knight. Stealing my WORK she is. Are you prepared to die?	UGH	You say I stole your idea? THE ONLY THING I STOLE WERE YOUR LEFT SOCKS. ALL OF THEM.
3	Blink	Sing	Pull	Act powerful	It's cute the way you copy me! You can be my squire. Go refill my wine pouch, SQUIRE.	Dominate her	I have the sudden urge to play games with you. Less Pac-Man, more how fast can you cut off a limb.
3	Blink	Sing	Wallop	I’m famous	YOU DO NOT KNOW WHO I AM? AND YET YOU STEAL MY ART? CERTAINLY YOU #JEST.	I'm famous	Now we dance the deadly dance, OF DEATH.
3	Blink	Pull	Lunge	Threaten her	You stole my statue. Now you must make a choice. Will you confess? Or face me. Choose wisely.	Be direct	Death is a surprise party. Unless, of course, you're already dead on the inside. Let's play a game.
3	Blink	Pull	Fireball	Throw shade	Let's play a game. There's a key in your statue to a lockbox of evidence of your theft. Will you find it?	Start a rumor	I have an email ready to send to Hot Pot with your diary entries. Only I have the password. Fight me.
3	Blink	Pull	Shield 	SO done	You stole my statue, but I've mailed you a glitter bomb. Will you know what envelope it is? Or suffer.	SO done	I've covered your statue in pigeon feed. Hot Pot is coming in 37 seconds. Can you clean it in time?
3	Blink	Pull	Sing	Make a scene	You stole my statue, so I put snake venom in your makeup. I have the cure. Fight or submit. Choose.	Lose your shit	Most people are so ungrateful to be alive. Not you, not any more. Now we can have a real fight. Hehe
3	Blink	Pull	Wallop	Grandstand	You've stolen a statue from the master prankster. I'm going to live stream the death trap I make for you.	I'm famous	I've set up a livestream for the death trap I've made for you. Come up to the roof, let's play a game.
3	Blink	Wallop	Lunge	Threaten violence	She's just stolen my statue. She's got a prankable face. TODAY on PrankWars, we cover her in blood.	Threaten violence	You're accusing me? The host of Prankwars? I'm going to push you off a roof. That's NOT a prank.
3	Blink	Wallop	Fireball	Be passive aggressive	WELCOME TO PRANKWARS! Today I'll show you how to ruin someone's life for stealing my artwork.	Throw shade	Hey! Today on Prankwars, I cover this girl in bugs and push her off a roof! #ByeByeDignity #LULZ
3	Blink	Wallop	Shield 	Done with her	Prankwars, your fav vlog. Watch today as I cover someone in bird seed and caw at them with the birds.	Done with her	Prankwars, your fav vlog. Today I dress up as a cat and throw cat litter in this girl's eyes.
3	Blink	Wallop	Sing	Annoy her	NOW ON PRANKWARS. REVENGE ON THE GIRL WHO STOLE MY STATUE:CHILI UNDERWEAR.	Make a scene	NOW ON PRANKWARS. I SET THIS GIRL'S CLOTHES ON FIRE! WILD CARD!
3	Blink	Wallop	Pull	Act superior	PRANKWARS. Your go-to blog for pranks that REALLY hurt people. Today, the girl who stole my statue.	Act superior	Welcome to Prankwars. Today I give this girl poison and make her search for the antidote! #Fun!