Baseline Calls:	Robot Call						
Scenario 1:	I'm better than you.						
Scenario 2:							
Scenario 3:							
							
Scenario	Round 1 Ability	Round 2 Ability	Round 3 Ability	Call Blurb	Call	Response Blurb	Response 
1	Pull			Demean Her	Do you have any idea who I am? No? Heathen.	Demean her.	How DARE you open your mouth to me, peon.
1	Pull			Dominate Her	You need to bow down to me, I have boots that need licking.	Dominate Her	You're going to regret this when you meet my toys.
1	Pull			Demand Respect	Bow down to me you peon, I am your god.	Demand Respect	Do you even comprehend the different ways I could make your life hell?
1	Pull			Dismiss Her	You're barely even worthy of hearing my voice.	Dominate Her	So...you're saying you WANT me tie you up and slap you until you like it.
1	Pull			Dismiss Her	Why am I even wasting my breath on you?	Dismiss Her	Huh? Did you say something? I try not to listen to lesser beings. 
1	Pull			Demean Her	I can already tell you're a waste of space and liife.	Demand Respect	Talk to me like that again and I'll show you the true meaning of pain.
1	Pull			Demand Respect	I am everything. You are nothing. I am a boot, and you are an insect.	Dominate Her	Oh. I can't wait to make you cry and taste that sweet sweet suffering. 
1	Pull			Dominate Her	You're only as good as I say you are.	Demand Respect	Hm, your words...yes I think I'll choose you to make an example of. 
1	Pull			Dismiss Her	Your eyes aren't even worthy of seeing in my general direction.	Dominate her	As you sit at my feet one day, think back to what you've said and regret it.
1	Pull			Dominate Her	You need more submission in your eyes when you speak to me.	Dominate her	Mmm, that BITE. I think I'm going to have fun with you. 
1	Pull			Demean Her	Your eyebrows and your makeup, your general appearance offends me.	Act Powerful	I'm sorry, I'm not sure you realize you're speaking to your doom.
1	Pull			Demand Respect	Oh look, the lead insect, come to represent the bugs.	Demean her.	HA! You say that like I don't have bugs more interesting than you under my boot.
1	Shield			Act Aloof	Ugh, I really don't feel like having you talk to me.	Troll her	What is that ANNOYING noise. When did the wind start whining like that?
1	Shield			Act Aloof	Why is this happening, I really don't care who you are.	Be done with her.	I declare that everything you're saying is stupid.
1	Shield			Be Scornful	My instinct is to be mean to you right now....bitch.	Be done with her.	Ugh, whatever. You're stupid and I hate you, so bye.
1	Shield			Be Snide	Your entire being right now confuses me. How are you alive?	Troll her	Ugh, that's the lamest excuse for an insult I've ever heard. Try harder.
1	Shield			Be Snarky	This is how you dress on the first day of school? God help us all.	Be Snarky to Her	Ha. Ha. Ha. Do you see how much I'm laughing? You're hysterical. A riot. Thumbs up.
1	Shield			So Done With Her	Can you at least TRY to pretend you're watching where you walk? Fuck.	UGH	What was that? I wasn't paying attention. You literally put me to sleep. SNORE.
1	Shield			Sarcastic AF	Oh wow, look, you're talking to me. Joy of joys -___-	Troll her	U mad, baby girl? ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)
1	Shield			Be Annoyed	Ugh, your whole, like, AURA just annoys me. Go away.	Be Snarky to Her	Is there an off button with you? Can I mute you or something?
1	Shield			So Done With Her	No! You ruined it! Now I HAVE to know you exist. Ugh. Kill me, please.	UGH	I listen to you and I actually want to die. Anywhere to just be away from you.
1	Shield			So Done With Her	I really don't feel like wasting my time with you. Can you just disappear? Die? Something?	Be Snarky to Her	Can you just go away? I was done with you like 5 second ago. Why are you still here?
1	Shield			Be Annoyed	I already hated this school, did you HAVE to make things worse by talking to me?	UGH	I think listening to you might have actually caused me to die a little inside and now I hate you.
1	Shield			Troll Her	I'm a vampire and I will kill you. Or like, a werewolf, just something to make you go away.	Be done with her.	*sigh* was that really the best you had? Try harder next time. You're boring me now, bye.
2	Pull	Shield		Be Snarky	Senpai is MY chosen one. Go back to building me a tabernacle and washing my feet.	So done with her	You say that, but you're just a false idol, trying to lure Senpai away from his true destiny: me. 
2	Pull	Wallop		Grandstand	I will punch you into the depth of hell and watch your burn if you don't back off of Senpai.	Grandstand	Watch your tone. My fists will carry me through your face and into the arms of my beloved Senpai.
2	Pull	Sing		Be Holier than Thou	You don't deserve Senpai. You haven't even tried to atone for your transgressions. Filth!	Be Holier than Thou	Strong words from filth like you. You need to find a way to cleanse yourself, before I make you. 
2	Pull	Fireball		Tell what others say...	So I heard Senpai was into more godly types...sorry little peon, you're not worth his time.	Share Your Knowledge	HA. I don't think so. I'm all-knowing and I'm not sure it's even possible to imagine Senpai with you.
2	Pull	Lunge		Tell her to back off	That's it. This is done. Senpai is mine and if I ever see you near him again I will eat your soul.	Be Super Aggressive	What the fuck did you just say to me you little fucking bitch? I'll have you know Senpai's soul is mine.
2	Shield	Pull		Tell she's Pathetic	Ugh, first you talk to me, but now Senpai? I haven't seen something so pathetic in 1000 years.	Demean her.	BORING. Can you at least pretend like you're trying to threaten me? Where's the passion? The hellfire?
2	Shield	Wallop		I'm a Star	You're like, here to bring me a drink while I talk to Senpai, right? You're just an extra on this set.	Disrespect her	*Yawn* Did you say something? I was distracted by like, everything else. Are you a fan or something?
2	Shield	Sing		Cause a Scene	UGH. Senpai will hate your cake, BECAUSE, HEY EVERYBODY, SHE MADE IT WITH SHIT. 	Make it About You	Whenever you talk all I hear is this shrill white noise. I'm going to start calling you Tenitis. BITCH.
2	Shield	Fireball		Attack her Hair	Oh my god go away, I'm sure Senpai doesn't have time for that kind of shoddy hair work.	Spread Rumors	You say words, but all I hear is the rumor that you collect your fingernails to make sculptues of Senpai.
2	Shield	Lunge		Be Direct	Your face is stupid, your hair is bad, your general existence is awful. Senpai will hate you.	Threaten with Violence	Yawn. Okay. Whatever. You won't be smiling like that after I knock out a teeth or two.
3	Pull	Shield	Wallop	Laugh at Her	It's cute the way you try to copy me, really. Here's an autograph: a black eye.	Fix Makeup	Ha, loser. You haven't even seen my final form. You think this kind of beauty doesn't evolve!?
3	Pull	Shield	Sing	Act appalled.	Oh. My. God. Is your brain so small that you can't have an original idea? What IS your trauma?	Cause a scene	Oh, HERE WE GO AGAIN. Blaming ME for your issues. Well here, you can blame my fist for this.
3	Pull	Shield	Fireball	Throw Shade	Can you stop stalking me, trying to be me, and imitating me? Single white female much?	Done Spreading Rumors	Excuse me? Okay. Spreading rumors is old news now, I'm about to spread your teeth across the floor.
3	Pull	Shield	Lunge	Call Her Out	You stole my idea? Really. God, you're really THAT far beneath me aren't you?	Be direct	HA. Like I would want any of your shitty ideas. Come here, let me just kick your ass already.
3	Pull	Wallop	Shield	Be snarky	Oh, cute, did you try to copy me? Maybe if you that in the trash it'll look better.	Be like, ugh.	Whatever. It's fine. You talk a whole lot. I guess my fist really is the only way to shut you up.
3	Pull	Wallop	Sing	Act appalled.	Oh. Mon. Dieu. C'est despicable the way you copy moi! You are just like, TOO MUCH.	Draw Attention	How...WHAT? HOW DARE YOU. I..I AM A GODDESS KNEEL BEFORE ME.
3	Pull	Wallop	Fireball	Insult clothes	If you wanted to copy me this much, you could have tried dressing better a long time ago.	Annoy her	HA. HA. HOOT! HEH. FUNNY. To think I would ever lower myself to copying you. It's cute, bitch.
3	Pull	Wallop	Lunge	Lose Your Shit	ARE YOU TRYING TO STEAL SENPAI WITH MY OWN IDEA. OH FUCK NO, HO.	Be Petty	For what you've said I'll make you, your parents, your neighbors, this world PAY. TIME TO DIE.
3	Pull	Sing	Shield	Be snide	WHY. Ugh, I thought I was done with you and now you're back to steal my ideas? That's sad.	So done with her	Really? Can I just like, kill you to make you go away? Senpai is pretty much mine already.
3	Pull	Sing	Wallop	Be Shakespearean	Alas, on this day when thou copiest me, twas thy end. Translation: I'm going to bury you. 	Be Shakespearean 	THY WORDS ARE FALSE. Thou knowest the truth. In plain English: you're an unoriginal fuck wizard.
3	Pull	Sing	Fireball	Give disingenuous advice	Honey, if you copy me forever, MAYBE you'll be slightly less trashy than you are now. Good luck.	Bakchanded Compliment	HA. Oh my god, I copied you? That's too much, you're a riot. It's good you're funny. 
3	Pull	Sing	Lunge	Threaten Murder	OHMYGOD. I WILL END YOUR LIFE FOR COPYING ME. AND THEN DIE. AND KILL YOU AGAIN.	Threaten Existence	I will SO go back in time and fuck your grandfather so that I'M your mother, then I'll punish you. Bitch.
3	Pull	Fireball	Shield	Be sarcastic	Oh wow. Look at that. SO original. Did you make that out of mashed potatoes and tears? Such talent. 	SO done	Can't think of an original insult? I've wasted this much time, I guess I have another minute.
3	Pull	Fireball	Wallop	Be high cultured	That poor chiseling, the unpolished veneer, what a crude attempt at copying my masterpiece. 	Swag Attack	Really? I copied you? Your work is...no..YOU MADE SENPAI LOOK UGLY. HELL NO.
3	Pull	Fireball	Sing	Annoy Her	Aw, did the poor wittle baby try copying big girl art? Is okay, Senpai may get a chuckle out of it.	Be Overdramatic 	Your breath is like 1000 razor blades from hell on my perfect skin.
3	Pull	Fireball	Lunge	Flip the fuck Out	HEY. HEY. YOU COPIED ME. HEY. HEY. HEY. HEY. BITCH. HEY. HEY. HEY. SENPAI'S MINE.	Flip the fuck Out	NO. FALSE. ALL MY IDEAS ARE MINE. THAT MEANS YOU'RE A THEIF. SO LET'S DO THIS.
3	Pull	Lunge	Shield	So Done With Her	I've told you a 1000 times you're dumb. I own you. Did you not think I'd notice you copying me?	So Done With This	You're about to wake up a beast not seen for 1000 years...and it won't be happy.
3	Pull	Lunge	Wallop	Talk Down To Her	You are so far beneath me it's almost cute when you copy me. I'm still going to tear your eyes out.	Instagram This	For that, when you're licking my boots, they'll be covered in shit. #ShitQueen
3	Pull	Lunge	Sing	Cause A Scene	CAN WE FIGHT ALREADY? FIRST YOU LOOK AT SENPAI. THEN STEAL MY SHIT? LET'S GO.	Insult everything 	You little, disgusting, miniscule, barely-worth-my-time BITCH. You're done.
3	Pull	Lunge	Fireball	Start Rumors	Omg, this is perfect. You copying me starts the rumors themselves. You're so in love with me.	Done with Rumors	*claps hands* Perfect. Your attempts at impressing Senpai will drive him straight into my arms.
3	Shield	Pull	Wallop	Be Condescending	Scum like you stealing my work. Now I have to get Senpai's heart AND crush yours.	Swag on her	"Blah blah blah, I want to die" is pretty much all I hear when you talk. Let me do this for you.
3	Shield	Pull	Sing	Talk yourself up	Whatever, steal my high art. When Senpai sees mine they'll know how beneath me you are. Bitch.	Talk Yourself Up	That's RICH. Me steal YOUR idea. Do you have any idea how  beneath me you are? Bitch.
3	Shield	Pull	Fireball	Start a Rumor	Ugh, the bug again? This time stealing my idea? Fine. New rumor. Your eyebrows are fake.	Reveal Rumors	I didn't steal your idea. I started enough rumors that I CONTROL your ideas. Inception, bitch.
3	Shield	Pull	Lunge	Threaten with Violence	You stole my idea?! I can't wait to finally crush you under my boot and show Senpai true power.	Threaten with Violence	Your idea WORTH nothing. That statue is trash. It's only good for smashing your face in. 
3	Shield	Wallop	Pull	Demean Her	Oh dear, another fan trying to imitate me. You're only good enough to oil my feet and worship me.	Demean her.	Darling, you think you matter? You're a speck of dust on my immaculate love for Senpai.
3	Shield	Wallop	Sing	Cause A Scene	HOW DARE YOU STEAL MY IDEA. HOW DARRREEEE YOOOUU. YOUR ARE NOTHINNGGGG.	Cause a scene	SENPAI DESERVES ONLY A TRUE MAGNIFICENT BEING. HE WILL BE MINE.
3	Shield	Wallop	Fireball	Talk yourself up	Omg. FINE. You want to steal my ideas? I expect royalties. And daily admiration in front of Senpai.	Bakchanded Compliment	Accusing me of  stealing? The only thing stolen was your dignity. Hopeless groupie.
3	Shield	Wallop	Lunge	Threaten with Lawsuit	Copying my sculpture? I'll have my lawyers contact you and take everything you have. Then kill you.	Threaten Lawsuit	Stole YOUR sculpture? I can't wait to go to court and shove that trash down your fucking throat.
3	Shield	Sing	Pull	Demean Her	Pitiful fool. Think you can copy me? The queen of rumors? I'm the only reason you're not dead yet.	Demean Her	LOL I stole your idea? Senpai deserves the best, not a brat like you, so beneath me. Bitch.
3	Shield	Sing	Wallop	Be Dismissive	Bored now. Stealing my work? YAWN. I've had crazies before. Senpai will see right through you.	Be Dismissive	Oh cute, you're another lunatic claiming my work. No time for lawyers, I'll just squash you now.
3	Shield	Sing	Fireball	Start Rumor	*Yawn* Hm? Stealing my idea? Okay, fine. HEY EVERYONE SHE SAYS SHE EATS BABIES,	Stir Up Trouble	Claim I stole your work. It won't matter when I break it over your head and sue you.
3	Shield	Sing	Lunge	Tell her to GTFO	All I want to do is not have you steal my ideas, STAY AWAY FROM SENPAI,  and fucking die.	Threaten to Punch Her	YOU WANNA PLAY THE ACCUSING GAME? I ACCUSE MY FIST DOWN YOUR THROAT.
3	Shield	Fireball	Pull	Demean Her	A SIMPLE drudge like you WOULD steal my perfect ideas. Pathetic. Senpai sees right through you.	Dismiss Her	Stole your idea? What idea? To be perfect and hate you? God I'm so done with this.
3	Shield	Fireball	Sing	Cause A Scene	I HATE YOU I HATE YOU I HATE YOU. YOU TRY TO STEAL EVERYTHING THAT'S MINE.	Cause a scene	OH. HA. STEAL YOUR IDEAS? THAT'S GOLD. *Breathe* I  just need to punch you real quick.
3	Shield	Fireball	Wallop	Be Condescending	Oh, a fan! But dear you can't steal from me. It comes off as tacky and everyone will hate you for it.	Gloat	I can't have you accuse me. My fans will kill you! I'll just have to BEAT them to the PUNCH!
3	Shield	Fireball	Lunge	Threaten with Violence	I spread ALL those rumors and this is how you repay me? Stealing ideas? I'll just have to kill you.	Threaten with Violence	Steal ideas?! I told your friends how they could fix you! The only thing I can fix is your face.
3	Shield	Lunge	Pull	Dominate Her	Stealing ideas now? I'm fucking done with this. I'll show you the true meaning of domination and pain. 	Demean Her	You're so far beneath me I'll have to scrape you off my boots. Senpai deserves a god.
3	Shield	Lunge	Wallop	Gloat	Ugh. I don't have fucking time to deal with you stealing shit. My fans will enjoy me kicking your ass.	Be Condescending 	I STILL barely know who you are, but I hate your fucking face. Punching it sounds good.
3	Shield	Lunge	Sing	Annoy Her	omgdidyoustealmyideayoufuckingbitchiwillkillyouwhatswrongwithyoudoyouthinkyouhaveanychangewithsenpai...	Annoy Her	areyoukiddingmeyoufuckinglittleliarididn'tstealshitfromyouYOUKNOWWHATSTHATSITIMDONEITSHAPPENINGPREPARETODIE.
3	Shield	Lunge	Fireball	Be insincere 	It's fine that you're ordinary, boring, and plain. A person like you WOULD steal my idea. 	Make it About You	Think I'd steal your ideas? Your pathetic excuse for a gift? I'm going to vomit on your face.
1	Fireball			Throw shade	I don't need to lower myself to your level.	Throw shade	Wow, do you have a four-year old write your insults for you?
1	Fireball			Throw shade	I can't imagine leaving my house looking like you do...	Throw shade	Were you trying to hurt my feelings or something? That's cute.
1	Fireball			Be passive aggressive	First impressions are important...it's clear that *I* knew that...	Be passive aggressive	I'm sorry, was that supposed to be an insult?
1	Fireball			Be passive aggressive	You know, they make foundation in your skintone too.	Throw shade	You seem to be under the impression that I care...
1	Fireball			Be passive aggressive	It's clear that you tried hard...too bad it didn't quite work.	Be passive aggressive	You sure have a lot of confidence for someone who dresses like that.
1	Fireball			Be passive aggressive	You know you can be honest with your hairstylist when they do something bad...	Be passive aggressive	Bold words from someone so...well, ordinary.
1	Fireball			Throw shade	It's only the first day...you had time to come up with a better look.	Throw shade	I saw that your lips were moving, but I didn't hear a single interesting thing.
1	Fireball			Be passive aggressive	Here's some spare concealer...I can tell you'll need it.	Throw shade	You'd be less of a mess if you'd put effort into your appearance instead of your insults.
1	Fireball			Be passive aggressive	Don't worry about it, you have all year to learn how to match colors.	Point out her insecurities	You only say these things because you're insecure and you want attention.
1	Fireball			Backhanded compliment	Wow I used to have that exact outfit! You know, back when it was cool.	Throw shade	It'll be hard enough for you to make friends, I wouldn't be so quick to make enemies.
1	Fireball			Be passive aggressive	I didn't know people still did that to their hair!	Be passive aggressive	You think you're creative? Psh, I've heard all this before.
1	Fireball			Backhanded compliment	Wow, dressing like that is one way to get people to pay attention to you.	Be passive aggressive	Don't frown so much, you don't want wrinkles while you're still young do you?
1	Sing			Stir up trouble	You know I'm better than you, right?	Act appalled 	Why would you SAY something like that, oh my GOD. You ANIMAL.
1	Sing			Stir up trouble	You shouldn't even be in my space.	Annoy her	Yeah, well, at least I'm not you.
1	Sing			Annoy her	Are you upset because you're not me?	Act offended	Well I was GONNA be nice to you...but if YOU'RE gonna be like THAT.
1	Sing			Annoy her	Is it intimidating to be around me? Is it? Is it? Is it?	Make a scene	Are you just saying these things because you're jealous of me? Huh? HUH?
1	Sing			Stir up trouble	Do you want my help bettering yourself?	Annoy her	I'm not even going to respond to that; it's too beneath me.
1	Sing			Annoy her	It doesn't matter what you say, I'm clearly better.	Stir up trouble	Only IDIOTS LIKE YOU feel the need to resort to insults!!!
1	Sing			Stir up trouble	You can keep trying, but you'll never match me.	Make a scene	WOW, OKAY. So like you're gonna go there? Okay then. Bring it on.
1	Sing			Stir up trouble	You never know...maybe now some of my greatness has rubbed off on you.	Act appalled 	You're SO mean. OH MY GOD. SO mean. Like, why would you say that? What's your malfunction?
1	Sing			Stir up trouble	You should feel lucky that you got to touch me...that's the last time it'll happen.	Act appalled 	OH. MON DIEU. You BRASH and UNCOUTH...C'EST TRES TERRIBLE.
1	Sing			Act appalled 	Oh my GOD, I know I'm hot, but you don't have to tackle me like that.	Act appalled 	OH NO. NO. MY DELICATE EARS. SUCH VILE WORDS. FOR SHAME. SHAMMMEEEE.
1	Sing			Talk yourself up	It's only the first day...no need to look like you've given up already.	Make a scene	Oh WOW. WOW. LOOK AT HOW THIS GIRL IS TREATING ME. WOW. JUST. WOW.
1	Sing			Stir up trouble	Only one person can be the BEST...and that's me.	Make a scene	Really? You're gonna be like that? Well at least I DON'T HATE ANIMALS LIKE YOU DO!
2	Fireball	Pull		Dominate her	You should just admit defeat to me and save yourself the embarassment.	Demean her	That doesn't deserve to be called a cake, and you don't deserve Senpai.
2	Fireball	Shield		Done with her	Just take your cake and leave, you know you can't take me.	Done with her	Psh, don't take out your frustration with your shitty baking skills on me.
2	Fireball	Lunge		Call her desperate	It's cute how you're trying to impress Senpai, but you're coming across pretty desperate.	Call her boring	Please. You think you and your boring cake will impress Senpai?
2	Fireball	Wallop		Gloat	You could have had a chance with Senpai...if *I* wasn't in the picture.	Grandstand	Well at least MY cake looks edible...
2	Fireball	Sing		Make it about you	That cake better be for ME and not Senpai...	Annoy her	I wouldn't eat that cake if you paid me. I bet, no I KNOW that Senpai feels the same.
2	Sing	Pull		Act superior	Please, even you know that I'm the better choice.	Be dismissive	I can't believe you think THAT mess is a good gift. Especially when compared to mine.
2	Sing	Shield		Be snarky	I'm sorry? Is that supposed to be a cake?	Be snarky	You're just passing by...RIGHT??? That cake's NOT for Senpai...
2	Sing	Lunge		Call her ugly	That cake looks almost as bad as you do. I didn't know that was possible.	Call her mediocre	Please, Senpai doesn't like mediocre cakes...OR girls.
2	Sing	Wallop		Grandstand	I think we both know Senpai deserves someone more like me.	Grandstand	I think we both know that you're outclassed here...
2	Sing	Fireball		Throw shade	I spent hours on my cake...but I'm pretty sure I saw yours at the grocery store...	Start a rumor	I can't BELIEVE you would call Senpai such mean names! That's so RUDE.
3	Fireball	Pull	Shield	Be scornful	It's cute how you think copying me will endear you to Senpai...	Done with her	Oh, I'm sorry, did you think I was actually listening to you? HA.
3	Fireball	Pull	Lunge	Laugh at her	At least I'll get to watch you humiliate yourself in front of Senpai with...THAT.	Call her a thief	At least I don't have to steal other people's ideas...I can think for myself.
3	Fireball	Pull	Wallop	Brag	Your attempt at a statue just makes mine look even better.	Demean her	As if. I wouldn't lower myself to stealing YOUR idea.
3	Fireball	Pull	Sing	Make it about you	Oh, please. You're no threat to Senpai and mine's TRUE LOVE.	Annoy her	HEY. You should all LISTEN TO WHAT I SAY, this girl is nothing but a FAKE.
3	Fireball	Shield	Pull	Demean her	Of course you imitated me. I shouldn't expect you to come up with something original.	Be dismissive	Yeah...go on...say more to me. You're just an annoying little fly.
3	Fireball	Shield	Lunge	Call her a thief	I never expected you to stoop THIS low, even I thought you were above such blatant theft.	Call her ugly	I guess it would be hard to make a beautiful sculpture when you have no beauty.
3	Fireball	Shield	Wallop	Grandstand	It's so great to see people being inspired by my greatness...	Grandstand	I guess it's unfair to expect you to be anywhere close to my league...
3	Fireball	Shield	Sing	Make it about you	Were you trying to get my attention by copying me?	Act appalled	I can't believe you! I worked HARD ON THIS, I doubt Senpai appreciates such nastiness.
3	Fireball	Lunge	Pull	Demean her	Look at you trying so desperately to climb out of my shadow...and still failing.	Demean her	You act like you're even worthy of licking my statue's boots.
3	Fireball	Lunge	Shield	Done with her	I guess that could be considered a sculpture...for a loose definition of "sculpture".	UGH	I feel like I'm looking at a third-grade art project...
3	Fireball	Lunge	Wallop	Brag	Stop tring to do things I'm better at, it just makes you look bad.	Grandstand	I guess not everyone can be a master like me...
3	Fireball	Lunge	Sing	Make it about you	I KNEW you would try to sabotage my relationship with Senpai.	Make a scene	FINE. I guess you've declared WAR ON ME NOW.
3	Fireball	Wallop	Pull	Demean her	At least you picked a cool person to imitate...even though you do it poorly.	Demean her	You having a chance? That's nothing more than a dream, honey.
3	Fireball	Wallop	Shield	Done with her	Oh, nice attempt to make something out of play-doh.	Call her boring	I'm bored of you...let's just get this over with.
3	Fireball	Wallop	Lunge	Call her lame	Your statue is a lame imitation of mine, exactly like how you're a worse version of me.	Call her fake	Your statue is every bit as fake as you are, bitch.
3	Fireball	Wallop	Sing	Make it about you	Clearly you're just coping me for the attention...	Annoy her	At least my statue looks like a human, and not some weird alien thing.
3	Fireball	Sing	Pull	Demean her	Stop pretending that you're even in Senpai's league and leave us alone.	Demean her	You shouldn't even be challenging me...and you know it.
3	Fireball	Sing	Shield	Done with her	I should have known you would come back...with another annoying copy.	Be annoyed	Ugh I don't even have time to tell you how wrong you are...actually I DO.
3	Fireball	Sing	Lunge	Hate on her	I can't believe you even think that shit is competition for MINE.	Threaten violence	I really wish you had been nicer to me...then I wouldn't have to DESTROY YOU.
3	Fireball	Sing	Wallop	Grandstand	Let's pretend you copied my statue because you were so inspired by me.	Grandstand	Until you I thought I had no competition for Senpai...now I'm SURE of it.
3	Sing	Pull	Shield	Done with her	Yawn. Your second hand ideas aren't even worth my time...OR Senpai's.	Done with her	Ugh, I'm done with this. Let's just finish it already.
3	Sing	Pull	Lunge	Call her sad	I'm used to people following me...but you make it seem sad.	Threaten violence	It's like you want me use to this statue to beat your ass.
3	Sing	Pull	Wallop	Disrespect her	Don't you think it's sort of pathetic how much you copy me?	Make a pun	OH, I can't WAIT to show you a LITERAL PUT DOWN.
3	Sing	Pull	Fireball	Start a rumor	WOW you art thief! This is plagarism!!! EVERYONE, THIS GIRL IS A COPY CAT.	Throw shade	You should ask for a refund for whatever sculpting lessons you took...they clearly didn't help.
3	Sing	Shield	Pull	Dominate her	Oh, please. That statue is like...a peasant statue compared to mine.	Dominate her	Either shut up or get ready for me to show you how inferior you REALLY are...
3	Sing	Shield	Lunge	Call her tacky	I can't believe you think a tacky imitation will impress Senpai!	Threaten her	Ugh, just leave, before I have to make you...
3	Sing	Shield	Wallop	Disrespect her	Calling your thing a statue is an insult to MY work of art.	Brag	I don't care what you say, everyone ELSE likes me.
3	Sing	Shield	Fireball	Backhanded compliment	Wow, what a GREAT statue of Danny DeVito! So glad we didn't both make one of Senpai.	Be passive aggressive	That statue won't help you...everyone says that Senpai thinks I'm great.
3	Sing	Lunge	Pull	Demean her	You have no hope of ever being worthy of being around us.	Demean her	Oh, PLEASE. You would be lucky to just share the air with Senpai and me.
3	Sing	Lunge	Shield	Done with her	It's not even worth my time to tell you all the things wrong with that "statue"...	Be snarky	If this is your "A" game I understand why you keep failing classes.
3	Sing	Lunge	Wallop	Gloat	I thought my sculpture was good...and then I saw yours. Now I know mine is GREAT.	I'm famous	I don't have to put up with this...everyone ELSE likes me just fine. YOU'RE the problem.
3	Sing	Lunge	Fireball	Backhanded compliment	Oh nice gargoyle. Everyone likes those!	Give disingenuous advice	You wouldn't have to try so hard to get people to like you if you were less of a bitch.
3	Sing	Wallop	Pull	Dominate her	I don't see why you even bother...I'm just so clearly superior!	Demean her	Please, I spit on people like you.
3	Sing	Wallop	Shield	Done with her	Sigh. It's so exhausting to have people fawning over me like this all day...	Be snarky	I don't need to steal YOUR idea...mine are already infinitely better.
3	Sing	Wallop	Lunge	Be aggressive	Ugh, I can't STAND copy-cats. I won't let this slide.	Be aggressive	Wow you must really want to lose to me...
3	Sing	Wallop	Fireball	Be passive aggressive	Wow that statue is so bad I almost feel sorry for you...	Be insincere	Well at least you tried something. Even if it is GARBAGE.
3	Sing	Fireball	Pull	Dismiss her	If only you had some talent...then you wouldn't need to copy me.	Be dismissive	Only people who are truly flawed inside act this way, you know.
3	Sing	Fireball	Shield	Be snarky	Wow, how long did you work on that for? Four minutes?	Be annoyed	At least you can tell I put EFFORT into mine...
3	Sing	Fireball	Lunge	Call her talentless	That's the worst statue I've ever seen. Exactly what I expect from a talentless hack.	Call her clueless	Are you completely clueless? Everyone knows this is pointless, and I'm better than you.
3	Sing	Fireball	Wallop	Grandstand	Wow. It takes real balls to copy me so blatantly and poorly.	Gloat	Everyone loves me...and Senpai is no exception. You MUST know that.
1	Lunge			Threaten her	You know I can kick your ass, right?	Threaten her	Are you TRYING to make me hit you right now?
1	Lunge			Call her an idiot	Am I the only person at this school who isn't a total fucking idiot!?	Threaten to uppercut her	Bitch, I will uppercut you!
1	Lunge			Snap at her	Don't fuck with me, bitch. You're not even close to my level!	Call her ugly	God, I thought your face was bad.  Then I heard your voice.
1	Lunge			Call her dumb	What, you can't watch where you're going? Dumb bitch.	Threaten her	You just signed your own death warrant!
1	Lunge			Call her stupid	Did you eat a brain tumor for breakfast or something?	Threaten her	The last person who spoke to me like that ended up in the back of an ambulance.
1	Lunge			Call her ugly	Are you really tired today or is that just your face?	Threaten to bitch-slap her	Wow, my bitch-slapping hand is going to get a lot of excercise this year.
1	Lunge			Laugh at her	That outfit. HAHAHA! You must be the class clown!	Snap at her	Who the fuck do you think you are?!
1	Lunge			Call her ugly	It's like we had our own little meet cute.  Well, at least I'M cute.	Threaten to decapitate her	Wow, you've got a big head. I really want to rip it off your neck.
1	Lunge			Call her a bitch	Am I going to have to deal bitches like you all year?	Hate her	Good. I was looking for somebody to hate around here.
1	Lunge			Threaten to punch her	Watch yourself, or next time you're going to run into my fist.	Snap at her	You know, I was going to be nice...but then you opened your fucking mouth.
1	Lunge			Threaten her	You do NOT want to get on my bad side. People die on my bad side.	Laugh at her	HAHAHA!!! Oh, sorry I was just laughing at you.
1	Lunge			Threaten her	You just made my shit list.	Threaten violence	I swear to God, your voice makes me want to hurt children.
1	Wallop			Brag about Instagram	Do you even know who I am?  You must not be on Instagram.	Gloat	Is that envy I hear in your voice?  Don't worry, it's a natural response.
1	Wallop			Gloat	You look jealous.  Don't worry, I'm used to it.	Gloat	Listen, it's okay to be jealous of me.
1	Wallop			Condescend	Look, I'm kind of a big deal, so why don't you just run along.	Condescend	I like how you talk to me like we're equals or something. It's cute.
1	Wallop			I'm famous	I know you don't know me yet, but you will.	Condescend	Oh honey, you have no idea how far out of your league you are.
1	Wallop			Swag on her	You're probably not used to seeing this much swag in one place.	Disrespect her	Was that really your best insult.  I was right not to be threatened by you.
1	Wallop			Gloat	Don't worry.  One day you're going to brag to your kids about the day you bumped into me.	Call her a hater	Wow, haters on the very first day?  I knew I was doing something right.
1	Wallop			Brag about your looks	Were you distracted by me? I have that effect on people.	Drop a Shakespeare Quote	"I desire that we be better strangers."  That's Shakespeare, but I guess you wouldn't know.
1	Wallop			Disresepct her	Sorry, did you want an autograph?	Grandstand	Ah, the little people. Can't live with them, can't live....with them.
1	Wallop			Disresepct her	Don't worry, I'm used to people falling at my feet.	Swag on her	Time is money, honey, and you just cost me about twenty bucks.
1	Wallop			Gloat	Don't make this about you, because we all know it's about me.	I'm famous	Listen if you want to be more like me, you have to work on your insult game.
1	Wallop			Gloat	Bumping into me was probably the best part of your day, right?	Disrespect her	You've got to find a better way to channel your jealousy.  Mean isn't working.
1	Wallop			I'm famous	It was nice meeting you. I bet it was GREAT meeting me.	Swag on her	Hmm, I give that insult a 3/10. Flat delivery, unoriginal, and expected. Give up, baby girl.
2	Lunge	Fireball		Perpetuate a rumor	You know everyone fucking hates you, right? What makes you think Senpai's any different?	Threaten her with a rumor	I hear you've got a raging case of herpes.  I bet Senpai will love hearing all about it.
2	Lunge	Shield		Snarky comment	Seriously?  You know Senpai only goes for girls with at least half a brain, right?	Snide Comment	Look, if you can't get a date for V-Day, you can always just stay home and fuck yourself.
2	Lunge	Sing		Act appalled	Are you seriously trying to make a move on MY Senpai?! Back off, bitch!	Be entitled	Whatever, bitch!  Senpai is already mine!  They just don't know it yet!
2	Lunge	Pull		Lord over her	Did you seriously think you could win over Senpai with a cake like THAT? Pathetic.	Assert your dominance 	I will shove that pathetic cake so far up your ass, you'll cough up funfetti!
2	Lunge	Wallop		Disresepct her	You think Senpai wants to go out with you? Ha! You're almost as funny as that stupid cake!	Drop a poem on her	A V-Day poem: Roses are red, violets are blue, Senpai is mine, the fuck you gonna do?
2	Wallop	Lunge		Be aggressive	Me and Senpai...it's inevitable.  Why don't you go choke on a candy heart or something?	Threaten her	Did you pour your sweat and tears into that cake?  Because I'd be happy to add your blood.
2	Wallop	Fireball		Give insincere advice	You and Senpai? No. What about that weird kid with no eyebrows? You'd be so cute together!	Backhanded compliment	Oh my god, I love your cake! It's like the sad version of mine!
2	Wallop	Shield		Ugh	Wait, you're here to ask out Senpai?  Ugh. Why? You're so boring.	Be snarky	Let me know when you get a date. I'll ride my flying pig to hell and grab you a snowcone.
2	Wallop	Sing		Make it about you	I know you're in love with me or whatev, but I can't share Senpai.  I don't do threesomes.	Make it about you	Oh my god, did you follow me here? I had no idea you were so obsessed with me.
2	Wallop	Pull		Assert dominance	You and Senpai? Don't waste your time, honey.  I've got Senpai wrapped around my finger.	Demean her	Honey, Senpai doesn't even know who you are.  You're just so...small...and insignificant.
3	Lunge	Fireball	Sing	Act appaled	Oh my god! Would you look at this bitch! She totally stole my idea! 	Flaunt popularity	Whatever! Everybody hates you, bitch!  They're going to cheer for me when I kick your ass!
3	Lunge	Fireball	Shield 	Be sarcastic	Gross, unpopular, AND a copycat! OMG, congratulations! You are now officially the worst!	Turn it back on her	That's just what somebody who stole MY idea would say. Ugh. Fuckin' bitch.
3	Lunge	Fireball	Pull	Dominate her	You'll regret stealing my statue idea. I swear, I will fucking break you.	Be dissmissive	I wouldn't steal an idea from YOU.  It's not worth the embarrassment.
3	Lunge	Fireball	Wallop	Gloat	You're copied me? Wow.  Even for you, that's embarrassing. Are you really that jelly?	Swag on her	Look around you. Do you see how many how many people give a shit? Because I count zero.
3	Lunge	Shield 	Fireball	Give disingenuous advice	God.  If you're going to copy somebody, at least try to be A LITTLE subtle about it.	Be insincere	Shh shh shh, it's okay.  I know it's a lot for your tiny brain to handle.
3	Lunge	Shield	Sing	Annoy her	Stop copying me.  Stop copying me. Stop copying me. Stop copying me...STOP COPYING ME!	Make a scene	I didn't copy your statue!  Senpai modeled for me!  Nude! NUDE!
3	Lunge	Shield	Pull	Be dismissive	Can't even come up with your own idea? I would find that sad if I gave a shit.	Demean her	Do you honestly think I would have to steal an idea from YOU? You're dumber than you look,
3	Lunge	Shield	Wallop	Disrespect her	You're copying me now? Haha! Wow! You've hit a new low, baby girl!	Swag on her	Actually, I got the statue idea from a friend, but you wouldn't know about having friends.
3	Lunge	Sing	Fireball	Perpetuate a rumor	Everybody says you're a wannabe loser. I guess it's true.	Be passive aggressive	Oh my god. Stealing your idea is a compliment!  Why are you being such a bitch about it?
3	Lunge	Sing	Shield 	Be sarcastic	Gee! I wonder who Senpai's going to like? Me, or the girl who can't think for herself?	Provoke her	Do you, like, get off on being a bitch? Seriously, does it turn you on or something?
3	Lunge	Sing	Pull	Be dismissive	You copied me? Hmph! You're just a poser.	Dominate her	Are you going to shut up, or am I going to have to MAKE YOU shut up?
3	Lunge	Sing	Wallop	Gloat	So what? You just copy whatever the cool kids do?	Play it cool	You know what? I think I'll kick your ass just for the hell of it.  I've got two minutes.
3	Lunge	Pull	Fireball	Give disingenuous advice	If you can't come up with your own idea, don't just steal one. It makes you look pathetic.	Turn people against her	I didn't need to steal your dumb fuck idea.  I can just get other people to do that for me.
3	Lunge	Pull	Shield 	Ugh.	You stole my idea? Ugh. Are you physically incapable of having an original thought?	Provoke her	You mad? You want to hit me?  Go ahead.  Do it!  See how that plays out for you.
3	Lunge	Pull	Sing	Act appalled	Oh my god! Are you seriously that pathetic that you had to steal my idea?!	Flip out	You want to mess with me, bitch?! I will make your life a living hell!
3	Lunge	Pull	Wallop	Swag on her	Honey, you get to my level by being talented, not by copying the big girls.	Swag on her	I should keep a mic on me. I'm always looking for something drop on bitches like you.
3	Lunge	Wallop	Fireball	Throw shade	Wow. The way you can just unabashedly steal somebody else's idea. It's is just...so you.	Be insincere	Oh my god, are you going to cry? Aw, it's okay, baby.  Let it all out.
3	Lunge	Wallop	Shield 	Be snarky	They say that imitation is the sincerest form of flattery, yet somehow I still hate you.	Be cheeky	Oh yeah? You think you can back up those accusations with facts?...or fists?
3	Lunge	Wallop	Sing	Make it about you	You can steal my idea, but you DEFINITELY can't steal my talent. Your statue sucks!	Make a scene	Hey everybody! Who wants to come to the roof and watch me kick this bitch's ass?
3	Lunge	Wallop	Pull	Act superior	I'm not surprised that you copied me.  I always knew you couldn't think for yourself.	Demean her	Now you're REALLY aggravating me. I think it's about time I crushed this little bug.
3	Wallop	Lunge	Fireball	Give disingenuous advice	A little word of advice, sweetie; it's okay to be uncreative, but nobody likes a copycat.	Throw shade	Honey, you're not flattering yourself with all that complaining. So embarrassing.
3	Wallop	Lunge	Shield 	Be sarcastic	A girl who'd dare copy me? Now I've really seen everything.	Be snarky	Oh, damn. Looks like I'm fresh out of fucks to give. Sorry about that.
3	Wallop	Lunge	Sing	Make it about you	Too dumb to come up with your own idea? Well, I guess you always have me to look up to.	Act offended	YOU are accusing ME?! UGH! That is IT! You're dead bitch!
3	Wallop	Lunge	Pull	Demean her	You stole my statue idea?  Hmm. I always knew you were a pathetic wannabe.	Dominate her	No, please, keep yapping.  It'll be all the more satisfying when I grind you into the dirt.
3	Wallop	Fireball	Lunge	Call her ugly	You made a marble statue too? Oh my god, we're like twins! You know, except I'm pretty.	Get angry	Ugh! I'm done being cute with you.  I think I'm just going to kick your ass now.
3	Wallop	Fireball	Shield 	Be sarcastic	A marble statue of Senpai? So cool. I wonder where you got THAT idea.	Be sarcastic	Oh my god, you're so totally right.  I DEFINITELY copied your sad little garbage pile.
3	Wallop	Fireball	Sing	Act Appaled	I can't believe you would steal my idea!  Is that what I get for being nice to you?	Be annoying	Oh? AHHH HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA!!! I'm sorry! You're just so cute when you're mad!
3	Wallop	Fireball	Pull	Be dissmissive	You stole my idea? Hmph.  I'm sorry I ever deigned to talk to you.	Be dissmissive	I don't know why I tried to be nice to you.  You're just a pathetic loser.
3	Wallop	Shield	Lunge	Threaten violence	You know what'll be fun? Beating you to death with that ridiculous poser statue.	Threaten violence	*sigh* I tried to be civil, but..now I'm going to have to throw you off the fucking roof.
3	Wallop	Shield	Fireball	Be insincere 	It's okay if you're not clever enough to come up with your own idea.  I totally get it.	Throw shade	Of course I didn't copy your statue.  MY statue actually looks like Senpai.
3	Wallop	Shield	Sing	Make it about you	I should've known you'd copy me.  Not everyone can be as clever as me.	Annoy her	I CAN SCREAM LOUDER THAN YOU!!!!
3	Wallop	Shield	Pull	Be aloof	I would call your statue a pale imitation, but even that would be too generous. 	Belittle her	Is that all? Ha! I should have known not to expect anything intelligent from you.
3	Wallop	Sing	Lunge	Get angry	I used to think it was cute how much you wanted to be me, but now it's just annoying!	Threaten her	God! Leave me alone! Am I going to have to choke a bitch?!
3	Wallop	Sing	Fireball	Give disingenuous advice	I'm flattered, but your obsession with me is really unhealthy. You should do you.	Give disingenuous advice	You shouldn't throw around false accusations.  It makes you look desperate.
3	Wallop	Sing	Shield 	So done with her	Wow, I know you're obsessed with me, but copying me? It's starting to get creepy.	Turn it back on her	Uh, you definitely copied ME.  Oh my god, stop stalking me! I swear I'll call the cops!
3	Wallop	Sing	Pull	Demean her	You're copying me now?  Are you really that pathetic?	Act superior	I didn't steal your stupid idea.  I wouldn't deign you with that kind of honor.
3	Wallop	Pull	Lunge	Be cutting	You stole my idea? Are you jealous, or are you just too stupid to come up with your own?	Threaten her	I'm going to have to curb stomp you, aren't I? God, I hate getting my shoes dirty.
3	Wallop	Pull	Fireball	Turn people against her	I'm going to tell the whole school you stole my idea, and you know they'll believe me.	Turn people against her	You do know that I can snap my fingers and turn this whole school against you, right?
3	Wallop	Pull	Shield 	Be sarcastic	Oh look! The little nobody stole my idea! Oh, how flattering!	Be snarky	I'm sorry, were you talking to me? I don't speak plebe.
3	Wallop	Pull	Sing	Flaunt your popularity	Oh sure! Steal an idea from the most popular girl in school! That's a good look!	Flaunt your popularity	This whole school worships me.  Why should I care what you say about me?